The Project Gutenberg EBook of Harper's Round Table, June 9, 1896, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: Harper's Round Table, June 9, 1896

Author: Various

Release Date: October 8, 2018 [EBook #58056]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ISO-8859-1

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S ROUND TABLE, JUNE 9, 1896 ***




Produced by Annie R. McGuire








[Illustration: HARPER'S ROUND TABLE]

Copyright, 1896, by HARPER & BROTHERS. All Rights Reserved.

       *       *       *       *       *

PUBLISHED WEEKLY. NEW YORK, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1896. FIVE CENTS A COPY.

VOL. XVII.--NO. 867. TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.

       *       *       *       *       *




THE FEAST OF KING RED COAT.

ONE OF THE OLD SAILOR'S YARNS.

BY W. J. HENDERSON,

AUTHOR OF "SEA-YARNS FOR BOYS," "AFLOAT WITH THE FLAG," ETC.


[Illustration]

It was a morning of yellow fog. The whole world appeared a sheet of
shifting, silent ochre. Up beyond the bluff the sallow outlines of the
houses faded upward into sinuous curves of restless mist. The sands of
the beach looked like a reflection of the fog that wrapped the sea in
its curtain of gold. The old pier jutted out an uncertain brown line
with sparkles of silver along its wet columns, like the flashes of big
guns seen through their own smoke. The swells loomed suddenly out of the
yellow curtain with a quick flash of light along their crests, a curving
of brown shadows in their hollows, and then a plunge into hissing fields
of mellow foam. It was one of those blinding mornings of dead gold, when
the fog hangs low over the earth, and the brilliant sun, shining in a
clear sky above, forces its intolerable glory downward through the mist.
The human eye is helpless on such a day, and seeks vainly for a moment's
relief among the sombre shadows in the crannies of the ground. It was
just the sort of a day to tempt the Old Sailor to sit on the end of the
pier and try to look through the fog. So Henry and George walked down to
the old meeting-place, and there they found him gazing into the water
with a meditative countenance. As usual, he did not look up when he
heard their footsteps, but broke into one of his silent laughs. The
boys, without saying a word, sat down beside him, and presently he
exclaimed:

"W'ich the same you is great navigators. 'Cos w'y, ye can steer straight
fur this 'ere pier in thick weather without no obserwations wotsomever,
relyin' on dead reckonin' an' general sagaciousness."

The boys held their peace; and presently their friend spoke again:

"But that are not so easy fur to do at sea. Leastways ef it was, Cap'n
Philander Montgomery Boggs, of the Al Kamakh an' Kangaroo liner _Queen
O' Spades_, wouldn't 'a' made Wakaufoo w'en he were a-steerin' fur Al
Kamakh, w'ich the same are on the west coast o' Hindoostan, as any one
can tell wot are bin there, an' this 'ere old sailor are him."

"Won't you please to tell us about that?" asked George.

"Wot d'ye s'pose I are a-doin'? Singin'?"

George looked so humble at this rebuke that the Old Sailor burst into
another of his hearty, silent laughs, vainly tried to see through the
fog once again, and then exclaimed:

"Pickle me in a tin box full o' oil fur a bloomin' sardine ef this here
ain't the werry identical kind o' day wot it happened on. I were in
Calcutter, w'ich the same it ain't no sort o' place at all. I landed
there from a consid'able v'yage, an' had five hundred dollars a-comin'
to me, an' I got 'em, too. So I laid out to have a good time in
Calcutter. I staid there a month, an' at the end o' that interestin'
period I didn't have nothin' left o' my five hundred 'cept a linen
duster an' a black eye."

"Why, how was that?" exclaimed Henry.

"My son," said the Old Sailor, solemnly, "that 'ain't got nothin' to do
with this 'ere yarn wot I'm a-tellin' of. An' also it ain't perlite fur
to try fur to switch gentlemen off the course. Now where were I?"

"In Calcutta, sir," said George, with grave respect.

"An' not so werry good, too. Bein' as how I were on my beam ends, I made
shift to see as how I could git afloat ag'in. So I walked down to the
docks. Down in the big dry dock I see the _Queen o' Spades_ jess ready
to git out. I axed a few questions, an' I larned that she'd been
undergoin' repairs an' were to sail fur Al Kamakh the next day, with a
scratch crew. I'd bin in Al Kamakh oncet, an' I thort as how, not bein'
a werry pertikler pusson, I'd jess as lief go there ag'in. So I went
aboard the _Queen o' Spades_ an' interjooced myself to Cap'n Philander
Montgomery Boggs. An' he sez to me, sez he, 'Ye jess come right. My
second mate he went ashore yistiddy, an' he never come back, an' now he
can't come back nohow; an' you can have his berth ef you want it.' An'
me wantin' putty much anythin', havin' nothin' to speak on 'ceptin' the
linen duster an' the black eye aforesaid, I took that berth.

"The next day we got under way. The reg'lar run o' the _Queen o' Spades_
were from Al Kamakh to Kangaroo, Australey, an' she'd bin a-repairin' at
Calcutter 'cos there weren't no dock big 'nuff to hold her atwixt that
an' London. She were called the _Queen o' Spades_ 'cos she dug so many
holes in the bottom o' Al Kamakh Bay a-goin' in an' out, she drawin'
twenty-seven feet of water, an' the bay havin' only twenty-nine feet in
the channel, an' it weren't much o' a channel at that. Fact is, the Al
Kamakh an' Kangaroo line, owin' to the permisc'ousness o' their steamers
about hittin' ground, were gin'rally knowed as the Overland Route.
Howsumever that 'ain't got nothin' to do with this 'ere yarn wot I'm
a-tellin' yer. Waal, we 'ain't got no such steamers here as them. W'y,
the _Queen o' Spades_ are six hundred and fifty feet long, an' are got
four smoke-stacks, each one hundred feet high, an' big enough around fur
to march a company o' soldiers through in full front. An' they don't
carry only one mast jess fur signalling an' they make twenty-two knots
an hour all the time, 'ceptin' goin' to harbors, w'en they sometimes
don't make no knots at all; 'cos w'y, they're aground. An' the cabins is
all full o' gold an' diamond fancy-work an' stained glass winders till
ye'd think ye was in a palace. They has to have 'em like that 'cos the
most passengers is Indian princes an' rajahs an' bunnias an' jampanis
an' khitmatgars an' things goin' down to Australey to drink the waters
for jungle fever; an' them fellers all has to have a floating palace, or
else they go home an' start a new war with England, an' so Tommy Atkins
has to git killed some more.

"Waal, we didn't have no heaven-borns aboard w'en we steamed out o'
Calcutter, 'cos the ship'd bin a-repairin', an' were goin' back to Al
Kamakh under a short crew--jess 'nuff to work her around--an' she were
to git her reg'lar people w'en she got there. But she were all
purwisioned, 'cos she were to sail right off from Al Kamakh. So we
hustled her right out to sea an' turned her up to putty nigh twenty
knots right off. Cap'n Philander Montgomery Boggs, sez he to me, sez he,
'We are a-goin' to make a werry fine passidge.' An' him bein' Cap'n o'
the ship an' me second mate, I didn't say nothin', but I were putty
pertickler sure that either him or the clouds in the nor'west was
mistook. It turned out as how it were him. I've noticed that it
gin'rally are that way. Clouds is seldom mistook. They gin'rally knows
w'ether they be goin' fur to rain or blow, while sailor-men sometimes is
out o' their course on that p'int.

"Waal, we hadn't bin to sea more'n a day w'en it come on to blow from
the nor'west. I dun'no' but I've told ye that I bin to sea a good many
years. Anyhow, I never seed it blow harder. It blowed so hard that the
ship laid right over onto her side, an' then she slid off to leeward so
fast that she couldn't be brought head to the seas. So the Cap'n decided
that he'd have to let her run afore it, w'ich the same he done. An' w'en
she was afore it, the wind would cut the tops off the seas astarn of her
an' send 'em whizzin' over the deck in solid blocks o' flyin' water, an'
they'd fall into the sea ahead o' her an' kick up back waves that rolled
in over the bows jess as if we was a-takin' the seas head on. The water
were three feet deep on deck all the time, an' the crew went about in
the dingy. I 'ain't never seed nothin' like that in all my sper'ence at
sea; but then ye can't most allus gin'rally tell wot'll happen in the
Injun Ocean; 'cos w'y, it ain't no decent, ordinary ocean, but a sort o'
heathen place, fit only fur razor-backs an' piccaroons.

"Howsumever, there we was a trollopin' off to the south-east at a rate
o' speed that were puffickly disgustin'. The gale blowed itself out in
about eighteen or twenty hours, an' the old man sez he to me, sez he,
'Now I reckon we'd better climb back to where we b'long.' So he puts her
head due nothe. But bless ye! it went an' fell flat calm, an' then sot
in with a yaller fog with sun behind it, jess like this here werry
identical one this mornin'. The Cap'n he were putty mad, and he jess
ordered full speed kep' up, 'coz he sez, sez he, 'I 'ain't got no more
time fur to go buggaluggin' aroun' here,' jess like that, him bein'
Cap'n Philander Montgomery Boggs o' the _Queen o' Spades_. Lookouts was
doubled forrard, o' course, but we hadn't bin runnin' ahead fur more'n
four hour w'en scrape, bump, biff! we was hard an' fast agroun'. The
Cap'n he danced on one leg, an' talked Greek; but there we was. An hour
later the fog lifted, an' wot d'ye think we saw?"

"Rocks and reefs all around you, with the sea breaking over them!"
exclaimed Henry.

"Not so werry good," responded the Old Sailor. "The _Queen o' Spades_
had run plumb straight into a small harbor, sort o' horseshoe shaped,
with a long narrer p'int runnin' out on each side. There she were stuck
fast in the sand, an' a werry consid'able number o' half-nakid savidges
standin' on the shore a-grinnin' an' wavin' spears. Putty soon a big
canoe started out from the shore an' come towards the ship. In the starn
o' her there were a werry tall savidge wearin' a werry big red coat with
one epaulet. Cap'n Philander Montgomery Boggs sez he to me, sez he:
'That are the chief, an' he are a-wearin' the coat o' some English
ossifer wot's bin wracked here.' An' that bein' werry plain fur to see,
I didn't say nothin' at all. Waal, w'en the canoe got close 'nuff we
could see that them was the werry thinnest an' starvedest lookin' lot o'
savidges ever knowed. W'y, their ribs stuck out so their sides looked
like old-fashioned washboards, an' their faces looked like overgrowed
English walnuts. They pulled up the canoe a few yards off an' made signs
that they was hungry, an' they looked it. So the Cap'n, seein' that we
was there thort as how we'd better make friends with 'em, an' he inwited
the King--the feller in the red coat--to come aboard an' git some grub.
The steward sot out a fine lunch in the first-cabin saloon, an' the
Cap'n he showed the King aroun' while it were a-gettin' ready. We soon
found out as how that there King could talk consid'able English, but he
wouldn't tell where he larned it. Waal, I wish you could 'a' seed that
there King eat. The steward put out a lunch for six, an' blow me fur
pickles ef the bloomin' one-epauletted cannibal didn't eat it all, an'
holler fur more.

"'Give poor savidge puddin',' sez he.

"'Look a-here, Kingsy,' sez the Cap'n, 'how long is it sence you filled
your hold?'

"'Werry poor island dis,' sez the King--'werry poor. Eat nuts an' wild
berries. Poor savidge werry hungry.'

"'Steward,' sez the Cap'n, 'fill him up solid. Give him some o' those
doughnuts ye make fur the babbus in Al Kamakh.'

"Waal, byme-by the King got 'nuff, an' went ashore. He hadn't bin there
an hour afore we seed a hull regiment o' savidges to work astarn o' the
ship. They was drivin' logs down into the water, an' droppin' big rocks
in an' shovellin' sand.

"'By the great hook block!' yells the Cap'n, 'they're a-buildin' a
breakwater astarn o' us so's we can't git out o' this 'ere trap!'

"An' that were wot they was a-doin'. Nex' thing we knowed canoes
commenced fur to come off ag'in, an' the hull of the King's court come
aboard. There was Squilli Gee, keeper o' the Red Coat; Solo Primo, lord
high berry-picker; Effie Tombi, nut-cracker to his Majesty; Toto Poto,
lord high admiral o' the canoe fleet; an' Kala Poobi, secretary o' the
palace. They was mostly joints, ribs, an' cheek-bones, them fellers, an'
all they wanted was a square meal. Squilli Gee informed us most politely
that ef we didn't feed 'em they would fill us full o' holes. So we fed
'em. Them fellers numbered jess thirty, an' they stowed away purwisions
fur a dinner fur a hundred fust-cabin passingers. They went ashore, an'
at six o'clock in the evenin' the King comes off ag'in, bringin' his
wife an' fam'ly. There were jess eight o' his wife, an' the hull o' 'em
weighed about 600 pounds. There was thirty-seven o' his fam'ly, all so
thin that w'en they stood sideways ye couldn't see 'em. One o' 'em fell
through a scupper into the sea, an' he were so thin he couldn't float;
so he were drowned. An' wot d'ye s'pose the bloomin' King sez?"

"Why, what did he say?" asked George.

"'Let him go,' sez he; 'I got more on 'em now than I kin feed,' sez he,
jess like that, him bein' a miseraceous savidge, with more ribs 'n a
line-o'-battle ship. Waal, that there fam'ly o' the King's they could
give the court p'ints on eatin'. Howsumever, the Cap'n he sez, sez he:

"'Steward, fill 'em all up full to the hatches. Byme-bye we'll get the
hull island fed, an' then all on 'em'll go to sleep. Then we kin go an'
knock over that there breakwater, an', ef the tide sarves, mebbe we kin
git out o' this cussed trap.'

"That sounded all right, but it didn't work no more'n a tramp will. Them
bloomin' savidges wouldn't go to sleep a bit. They kep' right on pilin'
up stuff astarn o' us, an' we knowed that every rock they dumped in were
a-makin' the channel wuss an' wuss. The nex' mornin', bright an' 'arly,
off comes the King an' his blessed court fur breakfast. An' wot d'ye
think?"

"What?" demanded both boys, eagerly.

"Them fellers was thinner than they was the day afore! Cap'n Philander
Montgomery Boggs sez he to me, sez he, nothin'. 'Cos why, he were so
knocked aback as he couldn't say any thin' 'ceptin' nothin', w'ich the
same he said. An' I agreed as how there were nothin' else to be said.

"'Poor savidge werry hungry,' sez the King. 'Give poor savidge
mutton-chop, beefsteak, veal-cutlet, ham an' egg, fried sausidge, liver
an' bacon, quail on toast, poached egg, graham roll, and chocolate.'

"'Wee-ow-ow!' yelled the court, jumpin' up an' down an' lickin' its
chops.

"'Look here, Kingsy,' sez the Cap'n, 'how long d'ye think this 'ere are
a-goin' to last?'

"'Big ship; much grub; eat fur month,' sez the King, sez he.

"'An' wot'll ye do arter ye eat all we got aboard?' asked the Cap'n.

"'Oh, poor savidge werry sorry then, werry sorry,' sez the King, sez he,
lookin' fur all the world as ef he was a-goin' to cry; 'but have to eat
sailor then.'

"'Wee-ow-ow!' sez the court, werry mournful.

"'May I never see blue water ag'in!" sez the Cap'n.

"'Werry likely you won't,' sez the King, an' with that he jess blubbered
an' cried like a babby.

"Waal, them bloomin' beggars eat enough to sink a lighter, an' then they
went ashore an' sent off the fam'ly. The steward he were jess about half
crazy; an' the head cook he really were a ravin' lunatic, an' jess
didn't do nothin' but dance around yellin' orders to cook things. Nex'
day it were the same thing all over ag'in, and nex' day, too. All the
time that one-epauletted King kept his gang a-workin' on that
breakwater, an' inside o' a week it were puffickly certain the _Queen o'
Spades_ were shut up in that bloomin' little harbor fur to stay. Waal,
to make sight o' land at the other side o' this 'ere yarn wot I'm
a-tellin' ye, I'll say that this 'ere sort o' thing kep' a-goin' fur
three weeks, an' then the steward he went to the Cap'n, an' he sez to
he, sez he, 'There ain't more'n another three days' grub aboard.' An'
the Cap'n, sez he, 'Arter dark to-night we'll put that into the boats
an' go to sea, an' leave the _Queen o' Spades_ here till we can send a
gunboat arter her.' Half an hour later the King come aboard ag'in, an'
he were so thin now that the red coat hung around him like a wet rag,
w'ile his blessed court looked like a section o' picket-fence turned up
on end. Them fellers was just wastin' away a-carryin' sich loads o' good
grub. W'en the King see the Cap'n he went up to him with tears in his
eyes, and sez he to he, sez he:

"'My dear, dear brother, poor savidge see man put food in boat. You go
to go away at night. Don't. My canoes catch you, an' then we eat you all
the sooner.'

"An' with those words the King commenced cryin' an' shakin' his head,
an' the court set up another wee-ow-owin' like a convoy o' cats in a Noo
Yawk aryway. Waal, we made up our minds we'd got to die, and yet none on
us didn't want to die 'less he were obleeged to."

The Old Sailor paused as if overcome by his recollections, and George
said, in a suppressed tone,

"But you didn't die, did you?"

"My son," answered the Old Sailor, "I ain't no ghost; I'm a peaceable,
hard-workin' sailor-man. An' may I never live to see a four-horned
grampus ag'in ef this 'ere ain't the circumstigious picooliarity o' our
escape. The next mornin' the hull sea an' sky was a sickly green; the
sun were a sort o' greenery-yaller; an' it were dead calm, with a big
swell outside. The Cap'n sez he to me, sez he, 'We're a-goin' to have a
fearful gale or a hearthquake or somethin'.' He hadn't more'n got them
words out o' his mouth w'en we seed the hull island rockin' an' shakin',
an' heerd a termenjous rumblin', like a freight train goin' past. 'Look!
look!' yelled the quartermaster. An' lookin' w'ere he p'inted, we see
astarn o' us a wave fifty feet high rollin' in from the sea. It come
right on over old Kingsy's breakwater, an' pickin' the _Queen o' Spades_
up as though she were a yaller chip, it carried her right over one o'
the p'ints o' the harbor an' into the deep water outside.

"'Hooroar!' yells the Cap'n. 'Full speed ahead, an' we'll see w'ether
his Royal Red Coat's canoes'll catch us now.'

"And off went the old _Queen o' Spades_ at twenty knots an hour, and in
two days we was in Al Kamakh."

"And well out of it," said Henry.

"I dun'no'," said the Old Sailor; "'cos why, the steam-ship company
wanted to make Cap'n Philander Montgomery Boggs pay fur the grub he fed
the savidges; an' w'en I left they was a-fightin' over it in the courts
yet."




SONG.

BY MARIE L. VAN VORST.


  Show me the place where the white heather grows,
  Kind little fairies in bonnets of blue.
  Why don't you tell, when they said that you knew?
                Nobody knows!

  Show me the place where my little dream goes--
  (I wake in the morning the sky is so blue)--
  They said that you sent it. I thought that you knew.
                Nobody knows!

  What have you done with my pretty red rose?
  It fell like the down on the thistle I blew.
  They said you bewitched it--oh, say, is it true?
                Nobody knows!




THE AMERICAN NIGHTS' ENTERTAINMENTS.

THE ROSE FESTIVAL.

BY EMMA J. GRAY


Beneath a most capricious sky Mabel stood sedately wondering whether or
not she could wear her white tulle frock this afternoon and not have it
forever ruined, when all in a moment the sun disappeared, the leaves of
the trees rustled, and Mabel's hitherto sedate face saddened dolefully.
Had not her mother happened near there surely would have been a shower
of tears, for she had counted so very much on going to the festival. But
mothers know how to manage, and putting her arm around Mabel's
shoulders, she caressingly said: "Don't cry, whatever you do; wait for
that when you _know_ you cannot go; perhaps this afternoon will just
glisten with sunshine, and then think of all the tears you'll have
wasted! Why, only look here; there are cobwebs in the grass"--and
Mabel's mother stooped to examine, thus making herself quite sure she
was not mistaken--"and you know, dear, what they say, 'that cobwebs in
the grass is a sure sign of a clear day.'" And so it was that Mabel's
tears never really got beyond her eyelashes, and her long doleful face
changed into blushes of sudden delight.

When the afternoon came, the cobweb test was proved true, for the dew
fogs stole away in line and column, the warm, rich, gladsome sunshine
leaped over hill, lawn, and road, and gave a tint of amber, purple, or
rich red rose, according to the way the trees leaned or their stately
branches swayed and curved.

The country was the majestic Berkshire section; and Mabel, who had but
just entered her teens, was with her mother visiting her Aunt Lucretia
in her country home.

[Illustration]

Aunt Lucretia had no children, and didn't understand them very well, and
Mabel's visit thus far had been rather unsatisfactory. But about two
weeks before she was thrown all in a flutter because of an invitation to
a Rose Festival, given by the daughter of "the richest man in the
place"--so Aunt Lucretia explained, and with a positive shaking of her
head from side to side, continued, "It would be an elegant affair, she
knew, and she was much flattered that her niece had been remembered,"
etc. Besides Mabel, her aunt, uncle, and mother had been invited, the
only difference in the character of the invitations being that to hers
were added the rather informal words, "All the young people will
personate favorite roses." And as she would surely be considered among
the young people, and as the Cornelia Cook rose was Mabel's favorite, it
took not a little ingenuity on the part of her mother and aunt to
indicate this rose in her costume. But it was deftly, as also simply,
arranged at last by fastening a bunch of these rose-buds on the top of
each sleeve, edging the waist close to the neck with rose-buds also, and
dropping a few at uncertain distances over the skirt--"as though she'd
been caught in a shower of roses," was her uncle's pleasant criticism.
So that it was no wonder, in consideration of the so far disappointing
visit, dainty apparel, and the prospect of a gay party, that Mabel's
blue eyes had looked anxiously for sunshine through the cloudy sky of
the early morning.

It was shortly after three o'clock when the impatient Mabel stepped into
the landau that was to convey her aunt, uncle, mother, and herself to
the festival; and the horses, feeling the exhilaration of the charmed
atmosphere, pranced and cantered along so rapidly that the few miles
that lapsed between were soon over, and Mabel was at once bewildered
with beauty and gayety. Already several emptied carriages had their
wheels rolling towards home, while others had gone back of the broadly
grand and altogether captivating gray-stone house to accept the
hospitality of the stables graciously offered to their owners.

Just as Mabel was ushered into the bower of roses, which was the lawn's
substitute for a reception-room, she overheard some one saying to her
hostess:

  "Queen rose of the rose-bud garden of girls,
  Come hither, the dances are done.
  In gloss of satin and glimmer of pearls,
  Queen lily and rose in one.
  Shine out, little head, sunning over with curls,
  To the flowers, and be their sun.
  The Red Rose cries, 'She is near; she is near!'
  And the White Rose weeps, 'She is late!'"

"All right, papa, I'll come at once;" and then, with a bow, smile, and
hand-clasp for Mabel, she added, "You come with me, for you are a
stranger here, and we will lead the opening dance together." Then
throwing her head back merrily, so that her curls touched her fathers
arm, she laughingly continued: "What a papa--'the dances are _done_!'
They haven't commenced; nor will they until I start them"; and with the
gay raillery which her father so thoroughly understood, added, "I shall
punish you by asking you to help mamma to receive, not only for
yourself, but for me too."

[Illustration]

And then, with a winning smile towards the incoming guests, following
close one after the other, and seemingly a perfect prism of color--for
so smart and catchy were their gowns, frocks, and parasols--she tripped
off merrily, holding Mabel's hand tight meanwhile, to where the
musicians were hidden behind the clump of tall snowball bushes, and a
moment later the dances began.

[Illustration]

It was a rare sight, a revel of beauty. The older folks watched from
garden chairs, and seats made softly comfortable with the abundance of
mellow-tinted rugs and downy dainty-covered pillows. The boys could only
represent roses by wearing their favorites as boutonnières, but the
girls' frocks, sashes, and broad-brimmed hats were very suggestive, and
marvels of exquisite color.

All the roses came to the festival--the Austrian in its brilliant
yellow, Jacqueminot in its deep red; even the little Primrose came,
though it was a question as to her right; however, we were not sorry to
see her, for the delicious lilac-colored costume was a pleasing contrast
and a set-off to the others. The hostess personated a Moss-rose Bud. Her
frock was pink tulle over the palest of pink satin. She wore a girdle of
rose-buds, rose-buds around her neck and arms, and her Leghorn hat was
encircled with the same flower. This hat she sometimes wore, but oftener
than otherwise it was suspended from her arm by its pink satin strings,
and in this respect her guests would often copy her.

During the afternoon the hostess filled her hat full of rose-buds, and
somehow she managed to keep it replenished, notwithstanding that she
gave to each of her older guests a bouquet, repeating while doing so, as
she rapidly walked from one to the other:

  "Gather ye rose-buds while ye may;
  Old Time is still a-flying.
  And the same flower that smiles to-day
  To-morrow will be dying."

There was a succession of archways on the lawn, built about ten feet
apart--the frames, twelve feet high and six broad at their widest, being
temporary, and only strong enough to support the various vines, mosses,
and rose climbers with which they were covered. Through these arches
various games were given, among them,

NAMING THE ROSES.

The musicians played something between a march and a reel, and
immediately each boy signalled out the girl that matched his rose, and
keeping time to the music, they walked through the first arch, and so on
to the second, thus in rotation going through all. It was quite a long
procession, for each couple kept about two feet back of the other. When
all had thus passed through the last arch, they joined hands, thus
forming a circle, and commencing with the first couple, entered the ring
two by two. Two only being in at a time, when they came out the two that
followed them in the march went in, and so on. When in the circle the
boy asked the girl, "Which rose are you?" she answered. "Tell me, and
I'll tell you." Oftener than otherwise his answer was, "I don't know,"
though once in a while he made a correct guess. When his answer was
right, he asked the girl the language of her rose; but if he had made a
mistake, he was obliged to leave the girl in the ring and stand under
one of the arches; if the girl could not answer his question, she had to
stand under an arch. If the boy left the ring before inquiring the
roses' language, those forming the ring put the same question, and if
the girl did not properly reply, she had to pay the same penalty as when
not replying to the boy. When both questions were answered correctly,
the boy and girl again joined the hands of the others forming the
circle. When each couple has left the ring the game was concluded.

Among the rose-buds and their meaning are: White rose-bud, girlhood; red
rose-bud, loveliness; white and red together, unity.

Another game was,

FINDING THE HARE.

The hare was nothing more nor less than a box made in exact copy of a
hare, about six inches long. When opened it was found to be full of
rose-colored and rose-flavored confectionery.

The company were told that a hare was hidden between two arches, and
whoever found it was the owner. It was a most bewitching sight to see
the merry hunt--such laughing faces, half hidden at times with long
fluffy curls or broad-brimmed hats.

The florist had taken up a piece of sod, and underneath it, wrapped in
white waxed paper, he laid the hare. When he replaced the sod, the
hare's head was the only part left out, and the grass blades were so
thick and long that it took considerable patience and sharp eyes to
discover it.

The games closed with a visit to

THE PROPHETIC ROSE.

In the first archway was placed a huge rose made of tissue-paper of a
deep red color, the petals being darker at the centre. The guests were
told the darker petals belonged to the boys, and the girls should visit
the rose first. Each girl in turn stepped towards the rose and broke off
a petal. On the reverse side she read her fortune; for delicately pasted
to the rose petal was a white one, and on this the girl's fortune was
written. Everybody read their fortune aloud, for all were as interested
to learn the future of their friends as their own. When the girls had
finished, the boys followed in similar manner. Some of the fortunes
were:

"Thou drawest a perfect lot."

"You will be wondrous happy."

"Mistress of the Manse."

"A curate--never slack in duty."

The last dance was the wreath quadrille, at which every one was
presented with a wreath of moss-rose buds. The girls immediately bared
their heads and put theirs on, while the boys hung theirs on their arms.

The games, dances, and all the merry play stopped at five o'clock, when
under the trees was served a tempting and plentiful refreshment on
tables but just large enough to seat from four to six people. The table
covers were white satin damask bordered with natural roses, some with
red roses, others with pink or yellow, while in the centre of each lay a
solid triangle of roses, the same variety used for bordering.

Lemonade was served in rose-colored glasses; iced cakes were encircled
with roses; some were left white, but others represented American Beauty
or La France varieties, and the ice-cream and ices were in the prettiest
of rose devices, one favorite being an overturned basket of Mermet
roses.

When Mabel returned to Aunt Lucretia's she was very tired. "For, only to
think of it, mamma, I was in everything. And wasn't you surprised to see
me lead the dances?"

"I was glad, for Aunt Lucretia's sake. You were the stranger, and
therefore had special honor."




[Illustration]

COMING.


  Coming soon the long vacation,
    When we'll throw our tasks aside,
  And on wings the dancing hours
    O'er our gleeful heads will glide.

  Coming soon the merry season,
    When we need not even look
  Oh! for weeks and weeks together
    At the inside of a book.




AN "OLD-FIELD" SCHOOL-GIRL.[1]

[1] Begun in HARPER'S ROUND TABLE No. 857.

BY MARION HARLAND.

CHAPTER XIII.


Six years had passed since Major Duncombe's sudden death. He was the
most popular man in the county, and beloved by high and low, yet the gap
made by his going was apparently filled.

Robert, the eldest son, inherited the homestead, and at his marriage,
two years later, his mother went to live with her daughter Eliza, who
had married a Richmond lawyer. By the terms of her father's will Emily
Duncombe received a valuable farm, embracing the house that had been
built for the overseer.

Robert Duncombe would gladly have retained Mr. Grigsby in his employ,
but the thrifty Scotchman had other views for himself. For years he had
been putting aside money for the purchase of a home for his family, and
a small plantation a few miles back from the river happened to be for
sale about the time Major Duncombe died. Mrs. McLaren advanced a
considerable sum to make up the necessary amount for the purchase. At
the date at which our story reopens the Grigsbys had lived for five
years and a half in the comfortable brick house attached to the Oatley
farm. Perfect June days had come again. Bees were riding the red
clover-tops, and everything that could blossom had burst into bloom as
the birds into song. The great fields of oats, from which the place took
its name, ruffled before the breeze as green billows are rocked and
crisped by sea-winds; the soft blue of the sky was unclouded, and
heaven's own peace was upon the face of the earth.

Something--and much--of this was in Felicia Grigsby's mind as she rode
dreamily through the familiar scenes the day after she had returned home
"for good." That was the way her father put it, and she echoed it
heartily. Not cheerily as yet. Aunt Jean had joined husband and child in
the world that makes up for the losses and mistakes of this. Flea's new
black dress told that the grief of parting with her best friend was
still fresh in her heart. Mrs. McLaren's property was divided equally
between her brother, her namesake niece, and her nephew David.

Nobody called him "Dee" now. The diminutive did not suit the stalwart
youth of seventeen who rode beside his sister to-day, and did most of
the talking for the first hour. He was tall for his years, and well knit
together, with a frank face his sister thought handsome.

"You were disappointed that I didn't go to college," he was saying, "but
I was cut out and made up for a farmer, and nothing else. The smell of a
ploughed field is the sweetest perfume in the world to me. When I see my
crops growing, I feel my soul growing with them. Where will you find
anything in town equal to that, now?"

They were on the top of a hill overlooking the fertile river-lands
backed by a line of forest. The noble James, full to the brim after the
May rains, glittered in the sun, and made a golden rim for the picture.

"We have the 'sweet fields,' the 'living green,' and the 'rolling flood'
of the hymn," said Flea, softly. "Our Virginia is a bonnie country. I am
thankful that it is 'my ain countree.' Why, there are the roof and
chimneys of the old house! I did not know they could be seen from here.
How strange it seems that we should be living anywhere else! How much
stranger that Miss Emily should be living there!"

"The house is twice as big as it used to be," replied David. "That
fellow made it his business forthwith to alter it as much as he could.
You can't make him madder than by speaking of it as 'Grigsby's', or,
worse yet, the 'overseer's house.' It is 'Broadlawn' now, if you please,
and the model place of the neighborhood. But the old name sticks to it,
and all the closer because it frets him. I never speak to him. I cut him
upon principle. I promised myself over six years ago to thrash him as
soon as I got big enough, and I'm on the lookout for an excuse to do
it."

"When the time comes, give him a lash or two in my name--there's a dear
boy! All the same, he did us a good turn without meaning to. If he had
been half decent with us we might have staid in the Old-Field school for
years. When it and the Old-Field schoolmaster are things of the past
nobody will believe that such abuses existed in a Christian community. I
am sorry for the Tayloe children."

"Red-heads, all three of them," said David. "With tempers to match, so I
am told. You wouldn't know their mother. She has broken terribly."

"Who can wonder at it? I'd like to ride around that way, if you don't
mind: by the school-house and the spring, and by what was the Fogg
place, and see the short-cut we used to take coming home from school.
Heigho! How long ago it all seems!"

She said "Heigho" again, and with a sadder intonation, in crossing the
bridge from which she had been shot. No other picture of the past
haunted her so persistently to-day as the vision of the "Miss Em'ly" of
her childish adoration. They visited the empty school-house, disused for
two years. The shingles were warping and loosening like neglected teeth;
the door hung by one hinge; the steps were rotting into holes. Flea
rode up close to the door and looked into the deserted room. Benches
were gone, and the teacher's desk and chair. She had seen Miss Emily
there but once, yet she recalled more vividly than any other image that
of the pretty girl in her blue riding-habit and cap, and how she had
befriended the forlorn little victim of a tyrant's temper.

Since the incident of the arbor she had not spoken or thought of Miss
Emily when she could help it. Memories such as those that visited her
now took the sting out of what had happened there, and made her gentler
in judgment. Far down in her heart the old-time tenderness awoke and
stirred.

"You say she has changed very much?" she puzzled David very much by
asking, as the horses turned in at the branch of the main road leading
to the overseer's house.

David stared for a moment.

"Who is 'she'? Oh, you mean Mrs. Tayloe! More than anybody can believe
without seeing her. Maybe we _will_ see her as we go by."

"I hope not," said Flea, nervously. "I'd rather recollect her as she was
at her best."

Nevertheless she brought the horse down to a slow walk in passing the
gate; her eyes lingered wistfully upon house and grounds. The dwelling
had been raised to two full stories; it was painted white and had green
blinds; a porch covered with vines ran across the front and two sides.
The turf of the yard was like green velvet, and three little negroes,
two girls and a boy, dressed as for company, were picking up leaves and
twigs about the front steps.

"Look at that, will you?" exclaimed David. "He is training them to be
house servants. They are scrubbed within an inch of their lives, and put
into their best clothes every morning, and put through a sort of drill
out there. They mustn't speak, unless when spoken to, while they are
there, and if they overlook a single straw or get their clothes dirty
they are whipped. Will you look at the poor little rascals, now?"

The pickaninnies, the oldest of whom could not have been ten, drew up
into a row, holding each other's hands, and as the riders were opposite
to them, dropped a comical little courtesy all at once. They were as
solemn as owls, and there was a mournful air about the whole performance
that kept the young Grigsbys from laughing.

"I feel more like crying," Flea declared when they were out of hearing.
"It is worse than dancing dogs and trained canaries. I sha'n't get their
patient eyes and their every-day Sunday clothes out of my head for a
week."

David's reply was checked by the patter of feet behind them. The boy
they had seen was tearing up the road at the top of his speed.

"Please, ma'am! please, suh!" he panted, "mistes say you mus' please
come back an' see her. She say to tell you marster done gone to de
Cote-house for all day, an' she can' let you go by 'thout seein' her,
'pon no 'count."

Flea and David exchanged glances and turned their horses about. Mrs.
Tayloe was leaning over the gate, waiting for them. David had said truly
that they would never have known her. The auburn hair was faded to the
color of a half-burned brick, and the gloss was gone; the blue eyes were
sunken, yet seemed larger than of old in the thin face, and gave her the
look of a hunted thing--a look that went to Flea's heart. She sprang
from her horse into arms held eagerly to receive her.

"Miss Emily! dear Miss Emily!" The words were choked by a gush of
feeling which she tried to cover up with a laugh. "Mrs. Tayloe, I mean!"

"Don't call me that, child. I wish I could be a girl again--like you!"
holding her at arm's-length and gazing admiringly at the graceful figure
and glowing face. "I saw you go by from the window, but I wouldn't have
known you if your brother hadn't been with you. You've just _got_ to
stay to dinner. There's nobody here to-day to be afraid of. When the
cat's away the mice will play."

She talked fast in a high, unnatural key. Voice and laugh had few
familiar tones to the listeners. Flea hastened to say that their mother
expected them home to dinner, and that their sister would come down the
river early in the afternoon.

"She married a Richmond man, didn't she?" ran on the hostess. "_Such_ a
pretty girl as she was! Cecily! go tell your daddy to fix a nice snack
on a waiter, and bring it out here for this lady and gentleman--you
hear? and to be _mighty_ quick about it. Sit down, both of you. It's a
heap pleasanter here than in the house. Mr. Tayloe can't _bear_ to eat
out-of-doors, or I'd _always_ have breakfast and supper on the porch.
It's one of his hundreds of notions, and I _daren't_ have so much as a
biscuit eaten out here when he is at home. He was cut out for an old
maid, and a fussy one at that. The very baby is afraid to cry where he
can hear her. What a goose your pretty sister was to get married!"

"She doesn't think so," smiled Flea.

"Wait awhile, and you'll see. That is, if she tells the truth. Most
women don't. I've got to the point where I don't _care_. How
good-looking you are, Flea! Not exactly pretty, but stylish, and that's
better. Beauty doesn't count for _anything_ after a woman is married."

David had not sat down, and looked so uncomfortable while his hostess
talked that his sister came to his help.

"You'd like to look at the garden and stable, I know, David. We will
excuse you; but don't be gone long. I can stay but half an hour or so."

"I'll send for you when the snack comes," cried Mrs. Tayloe after him as
he went down the steps; and to Flea, "Now we can have a comfortable,
confidential chat."

David had said she had "broken." Flea thought that "frayed" would be the
better word. The high, gay spirits had fled with youth and beauty. Her
temper was quick, her husband's was violent. Their quarrels were the
talk of the neighborhood, and a rumor was gaining ground that the wife
was partially insane.

Grown-up Flea had never breathed to a living soul one word of what had
happened in the summer-house six years ago. She was as loyal to those
she loved as when the child had refused to tell how she got the scratch
on her cheek. When flushed by heat or exercise a thin white sear, hardly
wider than a hair, still showed the line the shot had taken. It was
distinct now, and Mrs. Tayloe stroked it with a finger which was no
longer plump and soft.

"I declare you'll carry that scar to your _grave_! What a _game_ little
thing you were! And how _shamefully_ I treated you the last time I saw
you! I was just _crazy_ over that man--the biggest fool that ever lived.
I've paid for it since! Oh, I've _paid_ for it!"

A scarlet spot flashed out upon each cheek; her voice arose until it
cracked.

"If I had _only_ listened to you that day, I would have been a happier
and a better woman. Poor, dear papa said I was bewitched, and I _really_
think I was. Mr. Tayloe has quarrelled with my brothers, and not _one_
of them ever comes near me. Robert told me once to provoke the man to
strike me, and _then_ my brothers would make the law step in. But there
are the children, you see. I _can't_ disgrace them."

"Dear Miss Emily," pleaded Flea, her eyes full of tears, "don't talk of
these things. You are not well, and thinking of old times excites you.
Where are the children? I want to see them. They must be a great comfort
to you."

Mrs. Tayloe shivered at intervals, hysterically. She caught her breath
at every other word.

"Comfort! They are a part of my _torment_. He will manage them to suit
himself. Do you know that he whipped my little Lizzie when she was only
a _month_ old for crying with the colic? She was the oldest, you know,
and her father said he couldn't begin discipline _too_ early. He whipped
her with a willow switch. My mother told him he was a _brute_, and he
turned her out of the house--the house my father gave me!

"Set that down on the table here, Hampton, and you, Ned, tell Mr. David
Grigsby that the snack is ready."

"He never eats between meals," said Flea, taking the chair Mrs. Tayloe
pushed up to the table, "and I ought not; but I am so hungry, and
everything looks so tempting, that I cannot refuse."

It was a lavish luncheon, and Mrs. Tayloe took a childish delight in
pressing her delicacies upon the visitor.

"Hampton," she said, after a while, with a touch of her girlish
vivacity, "go get a bottle of that shrub your master makes such a _fuss_
over. I _must_ have Miss Grigsby taste it. Here is the cupboard key."

When it was brought she went on with the same feverish gayety:

"He made it himself four years ago, and he gets stingier and stingier
with it every year. It really is _mighty_ good, though I wouldn't tell
him so to save his life. He'd _kill_ me if he knew I'd touched it."

"Don't have it opened--please!" begged Flea, checking the hand that held
out the corkscrew to the butler. "I really would rather not drink it. I
don't care for liquor of any kind."

Mrs. Tayloe shook her hand off with a shriek of laughter.

"I believe you are _afraid_ of him to this day. Hampton won't tell on
us. It isn't the _first_ secret he and I have kept from our lord and
master. Open it!" to the grinning man. "Now fill two glasses--one for
Miss Grigsby and one for me. Take yours, Flea! I'll give you a toast.
_Single_ blessedness forever, and confusion to all husbands!"

Her elbow was grasped from behind as she lifted the glass above her
head. Flea had set hers down, untasted, having seen who was coming up
through the hall from the back door. At the same moment David Grigsby
hurried around the corner of the house. He had had a glimpse of Mr.
Tayloe as he rode into the stable-yard by way of a plantation road, and
hoped to reach the porch in season to get his sister away without
encountering him.

The youth stopped short, confounded by what he saw. The wife tried to
rise from the table, but was held down in her chair by the hand pressed
upon her shoulder. The other hand did not relax the clutch upon her
elbow. The sleeve of her dress had fallen back when she raised the
glass, and David saw the flesh whiten under the cruel fingers. Flea
gathered up her skirt and retreated to the steps, pausing there as if
reluctant to leave her friend in the power of the angry man. His face
literally blackened; his eyes were livid; the sneer that drew the
corners of his mouth upward lifted the lips from strong sharp teeth like
a hound's.

"So-ho!" he hissed between them. "This is what goes on while I am away!"

He got no further. David and Flea never agreed in their accounts of what
happened next. The brother thought that the wife's struggle was to free
herself from the savage grip upon her elbow. Flea saw the look of hate
and fear with which the frantic woman dashed glass and liquor into her
husband's face. He did not move so much as to wipe the red streams from
his eyes. He spoke slowly and in deadly calm: "You have been taking a
lesson from your distinguished visitor, have you?" glancing with his
evil smile at the horror-stricken girl. "Let her take one in return from
this!"

He raised his hand to strike her, but David saw the motion, and bounded
up the steps.

[Illustration: THE YOUNG FARMER DRAGGED THE MASTER DOWN THE STEPS.]

The young farmer dragged the master of the house by the collar down the
steps, thence along the gravel walk to the road. A blind instinct of
what was conventional in such cases warned him not to beat a man on his
own premises. Once upon the highway David stayed hand and whip no
longer. Holding the elder and smaller man down upon the ground, he then
and there paid off old and new scores. His whip was new and tough, the
arm that wielded it was lusty. Every lash from David's whip cut through
the light cloth of coat and vest, and cut the shirt into ribbons down to
the skin.

       *       *       *       *       *

Felicia Grigsby was a married woman with a David and a Jean of her own
when she told me the story of her Old-Field school-days. Even then she
was unable to describe without deep emotion the cruel scene I have just
sketched.

"No," she said, in answer to my exclamation of indignant horror, "his
wife did not leave him even after that. The act of infamous cruelty
seemed to subdue her utterly. I never saw her again. I dared not visit
her, and she never went beyond her yard gate, even to church. It was
said she had fallen into a gentle melancholy. I am thankful, for her
sake, that it was gentle. Her children loved her dearly. I hope they
brought some balm to the wounded spirit.

"The youngest was ten years old when his mother died. The week after her
burial her husband sold the plantation through a real-estate agent to my
brother David. A month later he left the county and State, and removed
to Louisiana. I hear that he has grown rich there on a sugar plantation.
He says that the climate of Virginia did not agree with him. That was
lucky for him--and for Virginia."

THE END.




RICK DALE.

BY KIRK MUNROE,

AUTHOR OF "SNOW-SHOES AND SLEDGES," "THE FUR-SEAL'S TOOTH," "THE 'MATE'
SERIES," "FLAMINGO FEATHER," ETC.

CHAPTER XXXI.

A DESPERATE SITUATION.


Of the many trying experiences through which our lads had passed since
their introduction to each other in Victoria, none had presented so many
hopeless features as the present. They were high up on a mighty
mountain, whose terrible wilderness of rock and glacier, precipice and
chasm, limitless snow-field and trackless forest, stretched for weary
leagues in every direction; beyond hope of human aid; only a mouthful of
food between them and starvation; with night so close at hand that
near-by objects were already indistinct in its gathering gloom; without
shelter; inexperienced in wood-craft; and one so badly injured that he
lay moaning on the rocks, incapable of moving.

As all these details of the situation flashed into Alaric's mind he
became for a moment heart-sick and despairing at its utter hopelessness.
He was so exhausted with the exertions of the day, so unnerved by the
strain and anxiety of the perilous hours just passed, and so faint for
want of nourishment, that it is no wonder his strength was turned into
weakness, or that he could discover no ray of hope through the
all-pervading gloom.

Suddenly and as clearly as though spoken by his side, came the words:
"Always remember that, as my friend Jalap Coombs says, 'It is never so
dark but what there is a light somewhere.'" The memory of Phil Ryder's
brave face as he uttered that sentence came to our poor lad like a
tonic, and instantly he was resolved to find the light that was shining
for him somewhere.

With such marvellous quickness does the mind act in an emergency, that
all these thoughts came to Alaric even as he bent anxiously over his
injured friend and began to examine tenderly into the nature of his
hurts. As he lifted the left arm the sufferer uttered a cry of pain, and
its hand hung limp. The other limbs were sound, but Bonny said that
every breath was like a stab.

"One arm broken, and I'm afraid something gone wrong inside," announced
Alaric at length; "but it might be ever so much worse," he continued, in
as cheerful a tone as he could command. "One of your legs might have
been broken, you know, and then we should be in a fix, for I couldn't
carry you, and we should have to stay right here. Now, though, I am sure
you can walk as far as the timber if you will only try. Of course it
will hurt terribly."

Very slowly, and with many a stifled cry of acute pain, Bonny gained his
feet. Then, with his right arm about Alaric's neck, and with the latter
stoutly supporting him, the injured lad managed to cross the few hundred
feet intervening between that place and the longed-for shelter.

Both Bonny's weakness and the darkness, which was now that of night,
prevented their penetrating deep into the timber; but before the
sufferer sank to the ground, declaring that he could not take another
step, they had gone far enough to escape the icy blast that, sweeping
down from the upper snow-fields, had chilled them to the marrow. This
alone was a notable achievement, and already Alaric believed he could
perceive a glimmer of the light he had set out to find.

Now for a fire, and how grateful they were for M. Filbert's forethought
that had provided each one of his party with plenty of matches! Feeling
about for twigs, and whittling a few shavings with his sheath-knife,
Alaric quickly started a tiny flame, and with its first cheery glow
their situation seemed robbed of half its terrors. An armful of sticks
produced a brave crackling blaze that drove the black forest shadows to
a respectful distance.

With Bonny's hatchet Alaric next lopped all the branches from the lower
side of a thick-growing hemlock and wove them among those that were
left, so as to form a wind-break. An armful of the same flat boughs, cut
from other trees and strewn on the ground, formed a springy bed on which
to unfold the sleeping-bags, that by rare good fortune had remained
strapped to the lads' shoulders during all their terrible journey from
the summit camp of the night before.

After making his comrade as comfortable as possible, Alaric hurried away
into the darkness. He was gone so long that Bonny, who did not know the
reason of his absence, began to grow very uneasy before he returned.
When he did reappear, he brought with him a quantity of snow that he had
gone back a quarter of a mile up the dark mountain-side to obtain. He
wanted water, and not hearing or finding any stream, had bethought
himself of snow as a substitute.

In each of the packs they had so fortunately brought with them was a
handful of tea, for M. Filbert had insisted that all the provisions
should be divided among all the packs as a precaution against just such
an emergency as had arisen. Therefore Alaric now had the materials for a
longed-for and much-needed cup of the stimulating beverage. To make it,
an amount of the precious leaves equal to a teaspoonful was put into one
of their tin cups while snow was melted in the other. As soon as this
came to a boil it was poured over the tea-leaves in cup number one,
which was allowed to stand for two minutes longer in a warm place to
"draw."

While Bonny slowly sipped this, at the same time munching a handful of
hard biscuit, which, broken into small bits, was all the food they had
left, Alaric boiled another cup of water for himself.

From all this it will be seen that our one-time helpless and dependent
"Allie" Todd was rapidly learning not only to care for himself under
trying conditions, but for others as well.

As soon as Bonny had been thus strengthened and thoroughly warmed,
Alaric made a more thorough examination of his injuries than had been
possible out in the cold and darkness where the accident occurred. He
found that the left arm had sustained a simple fracture, fortunately but
little splintered, and also that two ribs on the left side were broken.
For these he could do nothing; but he managed to set the broken arm
after a fashion, bandage it with handkerchiefs torn into strips, and
finally to place it in a case formed of a troughlike section of hemlock
bark, which he hung from Bonny's neck by straps. Then he helped his
patient into one of the sleeping-bags, encouraging him all the while
with hopeful suggestions of what they would do on the morrow.

After thus making his charge as comfortable as circumstances would
permit, the lad busied himself for another hour in collecting such a
quantity of wood as should insure a good fire until morning. Then,
utterly fagged out, he crept into his own bed, and lay down beside his
friend.

When he next awoke daylight was already some hours old, the place where
the fire had burned was covered with dead ashes, and Bonny lay patiently
regarding him with wistful eyes.

"I am so thirsty, Rick," was all he said, though he had lain for hours
wide-awake and parched with fever, but heroically determined that his
wearied comrade should sleep until he woke of his own accord.

"You poor fellow!" cried Alaric, remorsefully. "Why didn't you wake me
long ago?"

"I couldn't bear to," replied Bonny; "but now, if you will please get me
a drink."

Only pausing to light a fresh fire, Alaric hastened away to the distant
snow-bank, returning as speedily as possible with as much of it as their
two tin plates would hold. A handful was given to Bonny to cool his
parched tongue while the remainder was melting.

So small a quantity of water could be procured at a time by this slow
process that in a very few minutes Alaric found he must go for more
snow. As he went he realized how faint he was for want of food. "I
wonder how much longer I shall be able to hold out?" he asked himself.
"How many more times can I make this trip before my strength is
exhausted?" A mental picture of Bonny begging for water, and he too weak
to fetch it, caused his eyes to fill with tears, and a black despair
again enfolded him.

At this moment the voice of the previous night came again to him: It is
never so dark but what there's a light somewhere. "Of course there is,"
he cried, "and as I found it last night, why shouldn't I to-day?" Even
as the lad spoke he caught its first gleam in the form of a rivulet of
clear water that rippled merrily down from the snow only a few yards
from where he stood. Hastening to this, the lad drank long and deeply.

On lifting his head from the delicious water, he could hardly believe
his eyes as they rested on a solitary bird, that he knew to be a
ptarmigan, crouching beside a bowlder. Hoping against hope and almost
unnerved by anxiety, he flung a stone, and in another minute the bird
was his. "Hurrah for breakfast!" he shouted, as he ran back to Bonny
with his trophy proudly displayed at arm's-length.

Awkward as Alaric was at the business, he had that heaven-sent bird
stripped of its feathers, cleaned, and spitted over a bed of glowing
coals within ten minutes of the time he had first spied it, and a little
later only its cleanly picked bones remained to tell of its existence.

Bonny was disinclined to eat, but he drank two cups of hot tea, that
threw him into a perspiration, greatly to Alaric's satisfaction. As he
also seemed drowsy, Alaric encouraged him to sleep, while he should go
in search of more food and assistance, with one or both of which he
promised to return before noon.


CHAPTER XXXII.

HOW A SONG SAVED ALARIC'S LIFE.

When Alaric made that promise he had no more idea of how it was to be
kept than he had of what was to become of Bonny and himself. He only
knew that active exertion of some kind was necessary to keep him from
utter despair. Besides, it was just possible that he might discover and
secure another bird, though not at all probable, as the one on which he
had breakfasted was the first that he had encountered since coming to
the mountain.

By the time he emerged from the timber the morning clouds had rolled
away, the sun was shining brightly, and the whole vast sweep of gleaming
snow and tumultuous rock, from timber line to distant summit, lay piled
in steep ascent before him. It was a wonderful sight, but as terrible as
it was grand, for in all its awful solitude there was no movement, no
voice, and no sign of life.

Oppressed by the loneliness of his surroundings, and having no reason
for choosing one direction rather than another, the lad mechanically
turned to the right and began to make his way along a bowlder-strewn
slope, where every now and then he came to the bleached skeletons of
stunted trees, winter-killed, but still standing, and seeming to stretch
imploring arms to their retreating brethren of the forest.

He had not gone more than a mile when there came something to him that
caused him to halt and glance inquiringly on all sides. At the same time
he lifted his head and sniffed the air eagerly, like a hound on the
scent of game. He was certain that he had smelled smoke. Yes, there it
came again; a whiff so faint as to be almost imperceptible, but the
unmistakable odor of burning wood.

Facing squarely the breeze that brought it to him, the lad pushed
forward, and a few minutes later stood on the verge of a little mountain
meadow, sun-warmed and rock-walled on all sides save the one by which he
had approached. Here the slope was so gentle that he started down on a
run. He had thus gone but a short distance when he suddenly paused with
his eyes fixed on the ground where he was standing.

He had been unconsciously following a path, faintly marked and hardly
to be distinguished, but nevertheless one that he felt certain had been
trodden by human feet. The discovery filled him with excitement, and he
bounded forward with redoubled speed. Half-way down the slope, at a
point commanding a lovely view of the flower-strewn valley, the trail
ended at a crystal spring that bubbled from among the roots of a tall
young hemlock. Other trees were grouped near by, and beneath them stood
a rude hut built of poles and boughs, but having a rain-proof roof of
thatch. Before it smouldered a log fire, from which rose the thin column
of smoke that had directed Alaric's attention to the place.

Filled with exultation and wild with joy over his discovery, the lad
gazed eagerly about for some sign of the proprietor or occupants of this
lonely camp, and at length, seeing no one, he began to shout. Receiving
no response, he entered the hut, and was surprised at the absence of
even the rude comforts common to such a place. There was a heap of white
goat-skins in one corner, and a quantity of meat, either smoked or
dried, hung from a rafter overhead. A kettle and fry-pan lay outside
near the fire, an axe was driven into the trunk of one of the trees,
and, so far as Alaric could see, there was nothing else. But even these
things were enough to indicate that this was a place of at least
temporary human abode, and wherever its proprietor might be, he would
return to it sooner or later. Then, too, Alaric believed it to be the
camp of a white man; for though his knowledge of Indians was limited, it
in no way resembled that of Skookum John.

"At any rate," he said to himself, "I must try and get Bonny here as
quickly as possible, for he will be a thousand times better off in this
place than where I left him."

So, with a lighter heart than he had known since his comrade's accident,
Alaric started back over the trail by which he had come. Bonny was awake
and sitting up when he reappeared, and the sufferer's face brightened
wonderfully at the great news of at least one other human being, a camp,
and an abundance of food so near at hand.

"Do you really think I can get there, though?" he asked.

"Yes," replied Alaric, "I know you can; for, as you said yesterday when
we were looking at that precipice, it is something that must be done. We
can't stay here without either food or shelter, and we don't dare wait
for the owner of that camp to come back and help us move, because he may
stay away several days. I know it is going to hurt you awfully to walk,
but I know too that you'll do it if you only make up your mind to."

"All right, I'll try it; but, Rick, don't you forget that if I ever get
down from this mountain alive, never again will I climb another."

As Alaric was doing up the sleeping-bags a familiar-looking baseball
rolled from his, and caught Bonny's eye.

"If you aren't a queer chap!" he exclaimed. "What ever made you bring
that ball along?"

"Because," answered the other, "it means so much to me that I hated to
leave it behind, and then I thought perhaps it would be fun to have a
game on the very top of the mountain. When we reached there, though, I
forgot all about it."

"Yes," said Bonny, grimly, "we did have something else to think of.
Ough! but that hurts."

This exclamation was called forth by the poor lad's effort to gain his
feet, which he found he was unable to do without assistance.

Although Alaric carried both packs, and lent Bonny all possible support
besides, that one-mile walk proved the most difficult either of the lads
had ever undertaken. Brave and stout-hearted as Bonny was, he could not
help groaning with every step, and they were obliged to rest so often
that the little journey occupied several hours. At its end both lads
were utterly exhausted, and Bonny was suffering so intensely that he
hardly noticed the place to which he had been brought. The moment he
gained the hut he sank down on its pile of goat-skins with closed eyes,
and so white a face that he seemed about to faint.

When Alaric was there before he had mended the fire and set on a kettle
of water, with a view to just such an emergency as the present. The
water was still boiling, and so within three minutes he was able to give
his patient a cup of strong tea that greatly revived him. Food was the
next thing to be thought of, and Alaric did not hesitate to appropriate
one of the strips of goat's flesh that hung overhead. Not being quite
sure of the best way to cook this, he cut one portion into small bits,
put these into the kettle with a little water, and set the whole on the
fire to simmer. Another portion he sliced thin and laid in the fry-pan,
which he also set on the fire. Still a third bit he spitted on a long
stick and held close to a bed of coals, where it frizzled with such an
appetizing odor that he could not wait for it to be cooked before
cutting off small bits to sample. They were so good that he went to
offer some to Bonny; but finding the latter still lying with closed
eyes, thought best not to disturb him. So he sat alone and ate all the
frizzled meat, and all that was in the fry-pan, and was still so hungry
that he procured another strip of meat from the hut, and began all over
again.

They had been nearly two hours in the camp before his ravenous appetite
was fully satisfied, and by that time the contents of the pot had
simmered into a sort of thick broth. At a faint call from Bonny, Alaric
carried some of this to him, and had the satisfaction of seeing him
swallow a whole cupful. Then, as night was again approaching, he helped
his patient into one of the sleeping-bags, which he underlaid with
several goat-skins, and sat by him until he fell into a doze. When this
happened Alaric went softly outside and, to dispel the gathering gloom,
piled logs on the fire until it was in a bright blaze. Sitting a little
to one side, half in light and half in shadow, and having no present
occupation, the lad fell into a deep reverie. How was this strange
adventure to end? Who owned that camp, and why did he not return to it?
What would he think on finding strangers in possession? Had any boy ever
stepped from one life into another so utterly different as suddenly and
completely as he? One year ago at this time he was in France, surrounded
by every luxury that money could procure, carefully guarded from every
form of anxiety, and dependent upon others for everything. Now he was
thankful for the shelter of a hut, and a meal of half-cooked meat
prepared by his own hands. He not only had everything to do for himself,
but had another still more helpless dependent upon him for everything.
Was he any happier then than now? No. He could honestly say that he
preferred his present position, with its health, strength, and glorious
self-reliance, to the one he had resigned.

Still there had been happy times in that other life. Two years ago, for
instance, when his mother and he had travelled, leisurely through
Germany, halting whenever they chose, and remaining as long as places
interested them. Thoughts of his mother recalled the plaintive little
German folk-song of which she had been so fond.

_Muss i denn._ Yes, that was it, and involuntarily Alaric began to hum
the air. Then the words began to fit themselves to it, and before he
realized what he was doing he was singing softly:

  "Muss i denn, muss i denn
  Zum Städtele 'naus, Städtele 'naus:
  Und du mein Schatz bleibst hier--"

So engrossed was the lad with his thoughts and with trying to recall the
words of the song running in his head that he heard nothing of a soft
footstep that for several minutes had been stealthily approaching the
fire-lit place where he sat. He knew nothing of the wild eyes that,
peering from a haggard face, were fixed upon him with the glare of
madness. He had no suspicion of the brown rifle-barrel that was slowly
raised until he was covered by its deadly aim. But now he had recalled
all the words of his song, and they rang out strong and clear:

  "Muss i denn, muss i denn
  Zum Städtele 'naus, Städtele 'naus:
  Und du--"

[Illustration: THE STARTLED LAD SPRANG TO HIS FEET IN TERROR.]

At that moment there came a great cry from behind him: "Ach, Himmel! Wer
ist denn das!" and the startled lad sprang to his feet in terror.

[TO BE CONTINUED.]




THE MANUFACTURE OF GUNPOWDER.

BY FRANKLIN MATTHEWS.


There would be no sense in having powerful war-ships, enormous cannons,
and hard, tough projectiles to use in them, if we did not have improved
powder to make them all effective. The high-grade powder used in warfare
in these days is known in this country as "brown powder," because of its
color. In Europe such powder has a dozen or more names, generally called
after the men who have invented each kind. There are only two places in
this country where the powder used in our big guns is made. One of them
is the works of the E. I. Du Pont de Nemours & Company's plant on the
Brandywine Creek, near Wilmington, Delaware, and the other is the works
of the California Powder Company, near Santa Cruz, California. In both
of these places the process is secret, and no one except those employed
about the works is supposed to know exactly how "brown powder" is made.

All powder, whether it is intended for blasting, hunting,
rifle-shooting, or warfare purposes, is made in the same general way,
and so, in telling of a visit I recently made to the Du Pont Works, near
Wilmington, I shall reveal no secrets if I describe the various mills
and processes which practically all powder goes through before it is
finished. Ordinary powder is composed of three ingredients--saltpetre,
sulphur, and charcoal, or nitrate of soda, sulphur, and charcoal. Powder
intended for blasting is generally made with soda; powder intended for
shooting is generally made with saltpetre. It takes a great deal more
than these ingredients, however, to make powder. There must be a lot of
small buildings, generally scattered about a ravine, through which a
stream runs to furnish power to the mills. These mills are for the most
part small, one-story structures, that look at first glance like
tumble-down affairs, out in the woods. Closer examination shows that
they are built for the most part of stone on three sides and wood on the
fourth, and that they all have light wooden roofs. Still closer
examination reveals that the floors are laid with big wooden pegs
instead of nails, and that so far as possible all the machinery they
contain is made of wood. All the shovels and other implements used by
the workmen are of wood, and every man about the place wears shoes with
wooden-pegged soles instead of shoes which have nails. Fancy these
conditions in a beautiful wooded park, running for three miles along the
picturesque Brandywine Creek, near Wilmington, and you can imagine
something of the attractive external appearance of the Du Pont Works.

There is good reason for the use of wood instead of metal in the thirty
or forty buildings which make up this plant. You may not know it, but,
it is said to be a fact that there must be a spark to ignite powder. You
may take a live coal, for example, and drop it into a dish of powder,
and the result will be that the powder will simply burn rapidly. Strike
a spark and let it come in contact with the powder, and there is an
explosion. All powder-mill explosions, with their dreadful losses of
life, are caused by sparks. It is to avoid sparks that wooden-pegged
floors and shoes are required in the mills, and that wooden shovels and
machinery are used. You can see how dangerous metal is about a
powder-making plant when your guide takes a bunch of keys from his
pocket to unlock a mill where the work is done for the day. He inserts
the key in the padlock as slowly and as gently as if he were performing
a most delicate surgical operation, one where life is at stake by the
mere turn of the wrist. He turns the bolt as carefully as if the lock
were made of an egg-shell, which he didn't want to break. Your life and
his really are at stake, and neither he nor you can exercise too much
care.

[Illustration: THE CHARCOAL-MILL.]

There are two distinct stages in powder-making. The one is the part that
is not dangerous of itself, and the other is the part that is
dangerous--so dangerous, in fact, that the life of no one engaged in the
work is safe. Still, so thorough are the precautions taken that the
percentage of loss of life at this work is really very small, and one
sees about the Du Pont Works men who have been employed there for thirty
and forty years. The part of the manufacture that is not dangerous
consists of the preparation of the ingredients that compose the powder.
In one of these mills the charcoal is made. For the higher grades of
powder only willow wood is used in making the charcoal. For
blasting-powder almost any wood of good grain is used. The willow is
grown largely on the grounds of the beautiful park, and the smaller
limbs of trees are taken. Willow has an especially fine grain and
texture, and this makes it valuable for powder manufacture.

In another mill the saltpetre is refined by boiling. The refined product
is dumped into vats, from which it is shovelled into barrels to be
taken to the mixing-house. The saltpetre in the vats is so pure and
white that one might fancy that the roof had opened and an old-fashioned
snow-storm had fallen inside the building, and the men who are
shovelling it up resemble snow-shovellers, except that they are not
bundled up. The sulphur is prepared in another place, and then the
ingredients are taken to the mixing-mill, where they are weighed and
mixed, and there the part of the work that is not dangerous ends.

[Illustration: THE ROLLING-MILL.]

Near by the mixing-mill are the rolling-mills. Now we are close to
danger. In the centre of this mill is a big iron saucer, probably six
feet in diameter. The rim of the saucer is about eighteen inches high.
Standing up in the saucer are two wheels. They seem to be about six feet
in diameter also, and their rims about a foot broad. These wheels and
this saucer do the rolling of the powder--that is, they grind the three
substances that compose the powder into a new mixture. The wheels are
swept around and around in the saucer, and they also turn on their own
axes. It is as if they were kept rolling over and over, just as the
wheels of a carriage roll, but also as if some power kept them turning
about constantly in the small circle of this saucer. This mill is where
wooden machinery cannot be used, and of course that makes it a very
dangerous place.

The mixture of the ingredients of the powder is brought in and dumped
carefully in the saucer. It is spread about smoothly by a workman, who,
after this work is done, goes outside the mill, and does not come back
until the powder is rolled thoroughly. The workman goes to a wheel a few
feet away from the building and turns it very slowly. It starts the
machinery that moves the wheels in the saucer. The greatest danger in
rolling comes at this time. The rolling must be begun in the slowest
possible way. The danger is that there may be a lump in the mixture in
the saucer that will raise one of the wheels as it turns around and then
drop it suddenly in the saucer, causing a spark. If this comes, away
goes your mill and machinery, and possibly the workman's life with them.
There are many of these rolling-mills in the Du Pont plant, because the
owners act on the principle that it is not a good thing to carry all
your eggs in one basket. Rarely is more than 150 pounds of powder rolled
at one time, and it takes from three to eight hours to do the rolling,
according to the grade of powder that is being made. The workman in
charge will go to the door of the mill from time to time to look in, but
he never steps inside until he has stopped the machinery and the rolling
is done.

After the powder is rolled it is shovelled up and taken to a press-mill.
It is put into a long wooden trough about two feet high and two feet
broad, and packed between thin plates of aluminum. Pressure is applied
by water-power to one end of the trough, and the powder is squeezed into
thin slabs of hard dry cakes. After all the moisture is squeezed out,
these cakes are removed, and one by one they are slipped down into a
slot between some rollers, where each is broken up into bits that
resemble the small stones that are used in making macadam roads. This
breaking-up process makes a terrific noise, and when one thinks of the
dangerous compound that is being handled, this noise is likely to cause
a feeling of great fear in one who hears it for the first time. At this
stage of the process it is difficult to restrain the impulse to take to
one's heels and run out of hearing of the terrifying sound.

[Illustration: THE GRAINING-MILL.]

After the cakes have been broken up into these bits of rough, dirty
stone, the powder is taken to a graining-mill. This is really the most
dangerous part of all the work. One man runs each of these mills. He
cannot start the machinery in motion and go away, like the man who has
charge of a rolling-mill, but he must stay in the place all the time,
and feed the stones to the machinery that crushes them into grains of
various sizes. He shovels the powder into a large hopper, big wooden
wheels go around and around, and the powder passes between zinc rolls
and through sieves of various sizes. It is a grewsome place. The
machinery reminds one of the pictures that we have all seen of some of
the contrivances they used to have in the days of the Inquisition with
which to torture people, and it is hard to keep back a shudder as one
looks at this work. Sometimes there is as much as a ton of powder at one
time in the big hopper of this machine. In one of these mills at the Du
Pont Works you will notice that the stone wall is eight feet thick on
one side. This is on the side next to a press-mill. One side of the
place is entirely of wood. This is toward the creek. The idea is to save
as much property as possible in case of an explosion.

After the powder is broken up into grains it is taken in bags to another
mill. This is known as a glazing-mill. It is here that the powder is
polished and made shiny. There are several sheet-iron hoppers that
resemble enormous barrels in this place. The powder is dumped into them,
and they are turned over and over. A certain quantity of lamp-black is
put into each barrel, according to the amount of powder each contains,
and the barrel is turned until every grain has received a polish. The
polish simply gives the powder a nice appearance. It adds no strength to
the product, but it helps to keep out moisture, and it prevents the
powder from losing some of its strength in damp weather. Every one knows
how much better a pair of shoes look when they are polished, and how
desirable it is at all times to have one's shoes kept in this condition.
It is for that same reason that a polish is put on the grains of powder.

When the powder is polished, and separated by means of sieves again into
grains of various sizes, it is ready for packing. It is then run into
tin or wooden kegs, and is ready for storage in a magazine in a remote
part of the grounds. The kegs are made in another part of the grounds,
and painted in various colors, each color indicating the kind of powder
the keg contains. It is then ready for shipment to the places where it
is used. The powder that goes into cartridges for shooting purposes goes
to the factories where cartridges are made, the blasting powder goes to
the men who sell it, and thus it is carted off the place, and the mills
go on making a supply to take its place.

The government powder is made in a general way in the same manner that
ordinary powder is made. The chemical ingredients are somewhat
different, of course, but it may be said that powder for use in cannons
is simply of a finer grade than ordinary powder. It is what is
technically known as a "slow" powder. That is, it ignites slowly, and
burns more slowly than ordinary powder. Of course to the eye it goes off
in a flash, like ordinary powder, but really it is slow in its explosion
compared with ordinary powder. The object of this is to secure the full
force of the power in the powder, and also to start the projectiles in
cannon very slowly in their terrible journey of destruction. By using a
slow powder there is less strain on the cannons and less danger of their
bursting. There must be as little shock as possible to the cannons, when
they contain such a terrible power as an ordinary charge of powder, and
it is desirable that all of the powder should be used. Hence the need
for "slow" powder. The government powder is packed in small cakes or
prisms, with a little hole through the centre. These prisms look like
the nuts used on the hubs of big wagons. A lot of them are put together
in a package and stowed away in the cannon behind the projectile, and a
spark is used to set the charge off.

One soon gets used to danger, and in going through a powder plant it is
interesting to watch the men go about their tasks with as little concern
apparently as if they were employed in a flour-mill. It is healthy work,
aside from its danger, and for that reason it would be difficult to find
a sturdier lot of men than those employed at this task. The men saunter
about the place as if they preferred that sort of life to any other. In
their manner there is no indication that they are oppressed by the
possibility that some day they may be blown into bits. Most of them seem
to be what are known as fatalists. One must die sometime, and a powder
explosion provides a speedy and painless exit. They can get no insurance
on their lives, but doubtless they console themselves with the thought
that the percentage of the loss of life is small, much smaller than in
many other kinds of hazardous employment.

These men may count with reason upon a long life, and a physician is
rarely needed by any of them. They live in comfortable homes in the park
where they are employed, and seem most contented with their lot. The Du
Pont people have fitted up a delightful club-house on the grounds for
their employees, and these find existence in their lot in life so
attractive that they remain in it year after year, a contented and
prosperous set of men.




A PALM-LEAF FAN.

BY CAROLINE A. CREEVEY.


When ministers preach sermons they take texts. We will make a text out
of a palm-leaf fan.

Palms do not grow around Brooklyn, where I live; but the children of
North Carolina, and further south, know their straight slim
palmetto-tree, bearing a cluster of large frondlike leaves at the top,
as we know a chestnut-tree. Indeed, one of the Southern States is called
the Palmetto State, and has a palm-tree in its State emblem.

Small palms may be obtained at a florist's, and are fashionable parlor
ornaments. But in a greenhouse they do not grow very large. In hot
countries they sometimes reach a height of 150 feet. The bud at the top
must not be broken off, else the tree will die; for, unlike Northern
trees, palms do not branch, but continue always to grow straight up. As
the leaves become old, they drop off, leaving curious scars on the
trunk. New leaves grow one at a time from the apex. A maple-tree
branches in all directions, and you may pinch off its buds anywhere
without interrupting its growth. But it is rare to see a palm with even
two branches. Such are called forked palms, referring to old-fashioned
two-tined forks. Another curious thing about a palm is that it has no
bark. My fan-handle is the natural stem of the leaf, and it has never
had more bark than it has now.

Have you noticed a trunk of a hickory or chestnut tree which has been
sawn straight across? There is a distinct centre, with rings of wood
around it, growing larger and larger, all covered by bark. On such trees
the outside ring of wood forms new every year, and if you can count the
rings you can tell how old the tree is. When the tree is cut lengthwise
into boards, these rings make beautiful grainings. A palm-tree has no
apparent centre, no rings of wood, and no real bark. It is a very
different kind of tree from the chestnut. There is wood, of course, in
the palm trunk, else it would not be stiff enough to stand up so
straight and tall. But the wood is in threads, long and slender,
scattered without order through the trunk. The dots in the end of my
fan-handle are the tips of threads of wood. If you were to see a palm
sawn across you would find hundreds of similar dots. You cannot tell how
old the palm is. The cut end of a cornstalk will show the same kind of
structure, woody dots in soft juicy tissue. Grasses grow in the same
way, and so do orchids, lilies, hyacinths, daffodils, iris, flag-root,
cat's-tails, and many of our pretty spring wild flowers--the yellow
dog-toothed violet, lily-of-the-valley, Solomon's-seal, etc. Our
grains--corn, wheat, oats, rye--are humble but useful members of this
same grand division of _Endogens_. All other trees and herbs which have
bark, wood, and pith, and which when long lived increase by additional
rings of wood under the bark, are _Exogens_.

Next examine the spread-out part of our fan. Ridges start from a common
centre, where the stem joins the blade, and radiate towards the
circumference. These ridges are the paths for the veins, and all leaves
whose veins run side by side are called _parallel_-veined leaves. A
plantain leaf shows this plainly. A chestnut leaf has an arrangement of
veins like a feather. There is a central _midrib_, from which veins
spring, running across the leaf, joined irregularly with intertwining
_veinlets_. These leaves are _net_-veined, and grow on exogens. The
parallel-veined leaves of endogens often clasp and surround the stem,
the upper leaf growing from within the lower. Even the seed of endogens
grows differently from that of exogens. A grain of corn sends up one
first leaf; so do lilies and grains. A squash seed sends up two first
leaves. The first leaves of a seed are _cotyledons_, and the one-leafed
seed is _mono_cotyledonous, while two-leafed seeds are dicotyledonous.

Banana-trees are endogens, and produce such abundant fruit in their
native soil that ground which planted in wheat would support two
persons, if planted with bananas would nourish fifty. If you were cast
away on a desert island you would fare better if the trees above you
were endogens than if they were exogens. A grove of bananas and a
cocoanut palm would support you better than chestnuts, hickories, oaks,
and maples.




JENSEN FALLS OVERBOARD.

BY OSCAR KING DAVIS.


The United States Revenue-cutter _Corwin_ was taking the court officials
from Sitka to Juneau to hold court. There was to be a term to deal with
the seizures of seal-poachers that had been made by the patrol fleet in
the Bering Sea that summer. They were in a hurry, and the _Corwin_ was
doing her best. It was perhaps 4 o'clock in the afternoon of a dismal
dull November day that the revenue-cutter rounded a point in Chatham
Straits, and came plump upon a sleek little Columbia River fishing-sloop
beating down the channel. Something in her trim suggested smugglers to
the officer of the deck. The Captain was below with some of the court
officials when the messenger from the Lieutenant reported. When he got
on deck a quartermaster was already standing by the flag halyards, ready
to send aloft the signal to the sloop to stop, and a boat's crew stood
ready to clear away the dingy. The Captain took in the situation at a
glance, and almost with one breath ordered the signal flown and the boat
cleared away. The men in the little sloop had been watching with eyes of
experience, and as the signal-flags fluttered from her spanker-gaff they
swung their boat up into the wind and dropped the jib.

On the cutter the men were lowering the dingy, and the Lieutenant stood
by the rail ready to go the moment his boat caught the water. Three
sailor-men were in the boat, two at the fall-ropes and one in the middle
with the oars and cushions. Jensen, the man at the after fall-rope, was
a fine big Swede, broad-shouldered and stalwart. A drizzling rain was
driving down from the mountains that line the Straits, and all the men
were in their oil-skins and sou'westers. Jensen had added a great pair
of rubber boots with long tops that reached up to his hips. The
fall-ropes had begun to slip through the sheaves, and the dingy had
started toward the water, when the eye-bolt at the stern, to which the
lower block of the fall-rope was hooked, broke with a snap like a pistol
crack. Instantly the stern of the boat fell into the water, but quickly
as it fell the sailor-men were quicker. As they heard the snap of the
breaking bolt and felt the boat begin to go out from under their feet,
all three threw up their hands and grasped the wire stay that stretches
between the davits. Two caught it with both hands, but Jensen missed
with his right. The lurch with which the dingy fell had given him a
twisting motion, and as he clung to the stay with his left hand he swung
around until his arm could be twisted no further, and then he let go.

Instantly there was a tumult on the cutter, but it was not the crew of
the _Corwin_ that made it. The court officials from Sitka and their
wives had come on deck to see the fishing-sloop examined, and the
instant they saw Jensen fall and heard the splash of the water as he
struck, they set up a shout of "Man overboard!" Then they began to throw
things over to the sailor-man, who was rapidly drifting astern. The
first signal to the fishing-sloop had been accompanied by an order to
the engine-room to stop and back, but the _Corwin_ was still under good
headway when Jensen fell. As the dingy struck the water it turned bottom
up, and all the oars and cushions and movable gratings in the bottom
fell out and floated astern with the sailor-man. Added to these things
were a lot of deck-gratings and things slung over by the excited
Sitkans. Half a dozen life-buoys that were thrown over at the first
alarm promptly went to the bottom. They had been cleaned and painted so
many times that not even the heavy salt water would float them.

At the cry of "Man overboard!" Captain Hooper's orders were short and
sharp. In response to them a boat's crew leaped at the big whaleboat.
Almost in the twinkling of an eye it was in the water, and eight sturdy
fellows were responding with all their might to the bo's'n's
exhortations to "give way." But at the same time another crew had
cleared away the Captain's gig, and the young Lieutenant who was to have
boarded the suspected sloop from the dingy was placidly going about his
errand in the gig.

It takes a long time to tell it, almost as long, perhaps, as it seemed
to Jensen, but all this really occupied a very few minutes. The people
from Sitka, hanging over the taffrail and wondering if the cutter would
never begin to go astern, saw Jensen go down, and held their breath with
the instant's fear that he had given up. But presently he bobbed up
again, and then one, with a glass, made out that he had taken off his
heavy oil-skin coat. He had his big sou'wester in his teeth, and was
treading water. As he stood up out of the water he lifted one side of
the heavy coat. He caught the air under it, when he dropped the edge of
it again, and the man with the glass could see the coat float by itself.
Then Jensen disappeared under the water again. He was down what seemed
an interminable time, and they thought that surely this time he was gone
for good. But he came up again, and this time he had his long rubber
boots in his left hand. He caught his sou'wester in his teeth again,
and, swimming with his right hand and holding his boots in his left, and
pushing his coat with his brawny chest, he struck out comfortably for
the whaleboat that was rapidly bearing down on him.

Before it reached him, however, there floated by one of the gratings
that had been flung over after him. They were half a mile or more astern
of the revenue-cutter, and the thick day prevented the nervous watchers
on the _Corwin_ from seeing what happened. But the bo's'n in the
whaleboat saw Jensen grasp one end of the grating with his right hand
and try to crawl up on it. Its buoyancy wasn't enough to stand the
weight of the burly Swede and his heavy boots. His end sank, and the
other end rose out of the water further and further as Jensen scrambled
up. At last, with a smash, it turned end for end, and cracked the plucky
sailor-man a resounding whack on the head. He went down as if he had
been lead, and even the bo's'n in the whaleboat thought it was all up
with him. But Jensen apparently was not born to drown. He was up again
almost as soon as the grating was, and as the whaleboat dashed alongside
he flung his big boots in and crawled over its side, helped by half its
crew.

Then the whaleboat started back for the _Corwin_, and as it went along
it stopped at intervals, and picked up the oars and cushions and seats
and gratings and things that had been spilled out of the dingy, or flung
over for Jensen. The water was desperately cold. A glacial current sets
down the coast through Chatham Straits, and it was this ice-water that
Jensen had been in for what seemed half an hour, but was really not half
so long. His teeth chattered when he got into the whaleboat, and he
needed something to warm him up. When the whaleboat returned to the
cutter the court officials and their wives crowded along the rail,
expecting to see a half-drowned man lying in the bottom of the boat.
They saw only the boat's crew, and one extra man, not Jensen, standing
up in the stern sheets, beside the bo's'n.

"Why, where's Jensen?" some one asked Captain Hooper.

"There he is," said the Captain, "pulling the bow-oar."

That was Jensen's way of warming up. He scrambled up on deck in his wet
clothes and in his stocking feet, with his coat and rubber boots under
his arm, saluted the Captain, and stood at attention. There was an ugly
cut on his face where the grating had hit him.

"How did you fall?" asked the Captain.

"The bolt broke, sir," said Jensen, "and she went down."

"Go forward and get some dry clothes," ordered the Captain; "and here,
messenger," he added, to his boy, "tell the apothecary to give Jensen
something to warm him up!"

The Captain turned to one of the Sitkans and said, "He goes overboard
almost every other day just to get warmed up afterwards."

As the whaleboat was slung in the davits again, the gig came back from
the fishing-sloop.

"She's apparently all right, sir," reported the Lieutenant. "They say
they are examining the coast, looking for a place to found a colony."

There was a jingling of bells in the engine-room, and the _Corwin_
steamed full speed ahead again, hurrying to Juneau.




[Illustration: From Chum to Chum]

BY GASTON V. DRAKE.

XIX.--FROM BOB TO JACK.


  GENOA.

[Illustration]

     DEAR JACK,--Maybe we haven't been travelling! My! Pop met a man in
     Geneva and he says going to Venice aren't you? Not much said Pop.
     New York's wet enough for me. Then you make a great big error said
     the man. It's fine this time of year and anybody that gets as far
     into Italy as Genoa without going a little further to see the most
     unicorn city in the world doesn't know as much as he thinks he does
     and wastes an elegant importunity. So Pop spoke to Ma about it and
     Ma said she'd sort of like it and as for Aunt Sarah she was so
     pleased she forgot all about the music-boxes and recovered her
     health right away, but it's kept us on the jump, and I've seen so
     many things I hardly know how to begin telling you about 'em. The
     first jump was to Luzerne where we only stayed all night though Pop
     was afraid we might have to stay there forever in order to get
     money enough to pay our bill. They had a band playing in the office
     of the hotel which seemed very nice until the bill came in the next
     morning and they'd charged us forty cents apiece, babies and all
     for it. Pop said it would have been cheaper for us to have bought
     an orchestrion and sat up with it in the Park all night. Next day
     we took the corkscrew train and bored our way right through the
     Alps, over the St. Gothard railway into Italy, landing at Milan
     late in the afternoon, where there isn't much for boys to see,
     though Jules says the cathedral collectors think it's bully; and
     then we went on to Venice and of all the places yet it's the best.
     Talk about going yachting, or sailing across the ocean in a great
     big ship--it's all nothing to living in a place like Venice where
     you can sit in your parlor at home and still be on the water, with
     no motion to make you seasick and no fear that a big wave will come
     up to engollop you in its midst. We stayed at a hotel that used to
     be a palace and it was palatial--that is, it was in front. All the
     parlors were fine, but the bedrooms in the rear wouldn't do for
     store-rooms home. These old Dukes that used to live there were
     great on parlors, salongs they called them, but when it came bed
     time most anything was good enough.

     [Illustration]

     I suppose you know that Venice is built mostly on water--like
     American railroads Pop says, though I never saw one of them and I
     guess that's what Aunt Sarah calls one of Pops suttle political
     whimsies. The houses are held up by spiles that have been driven
     down into the mud, and when people want to go anywhere they hire a
     gondola and get paddled off to where they want to go. Of course
     they haven't any horses and Pop says the only driving they can do
     is spile driving. He told Jules to get a team of quiet gentle
     spiles that a lady could drive and let me try 'em, but Jules was so
     stupid he didn't understand--though he pretended he did and
     promised to have 'em at the door at three o'clock, and when three
     o'clock came he told Pop he was very sorry but every one in town
     had been hired for the season. Jules is smart even if he can't
     understand American jokes.

     Venice is a great many years old and used to be managed by men they
     called Dodges. They didn't have mares the way we do in our cities
     because horses couldn't get along there, but they whacksed very
     rich and built magnificent houses and churches and palaces. They
     have a great big public square called St. Marks where the bandolins
     play every night and it's full of pigeons.

     [Illustration]

     Pigeons are so sacred here that when they have 'em on the bills of
     fare at the hotels they call them squab for fear the populace would
     rise and tear them limb from limb for eating pigeons. They make
     glass in Venice too, smelling bottles and tumblers and chandeliers,
     but the best part of the whole thing is the canals. The water isn't
     very clean but it's clean enough and I tell you what a boy has a
     great advantage over a nurse in a place like Venice. One morning
     when Pop and I were getting gondoliered along the Grand Canal we
     heard a fearful shrieking in one of the palaces and in a minute we
     saw a boy being chased by his nurse. He was only about a foot ahead
     and she almost had him when he jumped off the front stoop into the
     canal and swam up and down just out of her reach and my, wasn't she
     mad! I don't know what she said because she spoke Italian, but I
     could guess generally what she meant. Just think of it for a
     minute. If you want to go swimming or fishing or boating you can do
     it all right in front of your own house. We'd be pretty rich in
     America if we could stand on our front door steps and catch all the
     dinner we needed.

     [Illustration]

     One great thing for children is to stand in the square and feed the
     pigeons I was telling you about. Pop bought me three bags of corn
     and the minute I dropped one little kernel of it on the walk about
     a hundred pigeons flew down. A lot of 'em roostered on my arms and
     one fellow sat on my hat, and then we went inside the cathedral
     which is magnificently furnished with things the Venetians used to
     steal from the heathen they went out to convert, but they're a
     little sore because Napoleon came down and stole a few things from
     them. People over here don't like to put the boot on the other leg
     any more than they do at home, which Aunt Sarah says shows that
     human nature is the same in Italian as it is in English.

     Where they haven't got canals in Venice there are little narrow
     streets about three feet wide mostly and you'd have as hard a time
     finding your way about through them as Pop would trying to follow
     the lines of a sailor suit for a boy of seven through one of Ma's
     Bazar patterns. That's what Pop said. He said Venice must have been
     laid out after a BAZAR pattern and he asked Ma to go up in a high
     tower they have there called the Campanini to get a bird's eye view
     of it and see whether it was a bicycle costume or a pignoir they
     had in mind when they laid it out. Ma said Pop was flippant and he
     said all right my dear, I'll let you find our way home and she
     tried it and in ten minutes she had us lost and she turned to Pop
     and said I guess you're right about the BAZAR pattern, popper, this
     is the worst yet.

     We all wanted to stay there a week but it wasn't possible. A birds
     eye view of it was all we had time for and so we left for Genoa
     after two days at Venice. To-morrow we sail for Hoboken on the
     _Werra_ and my next letter will be from home, when I'll tell you
     all about Gibraltar, Genoa, and Hoboken.

  Good-bye     BOB.

     P.S. The bandolins came and sang under our window at Venice the
     last night and it was very romantic Pop says even if the soprano
     did fall into the water reaching up for a ten cent piece Pop had.




[Illustration: INTERSCHOLASTIC SPORT]


A notable event in interscholastic baseball was the defeat of
Lawrenceville, May 27, on their own grounds, by the St. Paul's nine. The
game was a hard one, and lasted for twelve innings, the final score
being 3-2. As the score indicates, the teams were very evenly matched,
but St. Paul's excelled slightly in team-work, and (Cadwalader being
unavailable for Lawrenceville) was stronger in the box. Hall, the Garden
City pitcher, is a better man than either Arrott or Blake. He showed
himself to be especially strong when he had men on bases.

[Illustration: W. M. ROBINSON,

St. Paul's School.]

In batting, the teams were about equal, in spite of the fact that the
tabulated score credits St. Paul's with ten hits to Lawrenceville's six.
Arthur Robinson, the clever young sprinter who did such remarkable work
at the Long Island Interscholastics, played short-stop in this
Lawrenceville game without an error; he had five difficult chances, and
accepted them all. The out-fielders on the St. Paul's team distinguished
themselves not only in field-work, but also at the bat. This victory,
coupled with the fact that the St. Paul's nine has not been defeated by
any school team for two years, places the Garden City team in the front
rank of scholastic ball-players.

The Columbia Interscholastic Tennis Tournament, which was played on the
Oval at Williamsbridge, was won by J. M. L. Walton, of the Callisen
School. He met R. D. Little, of Cutler's, in the final round, and took
the match in three straight sets--6-1, 6-2, 6-1. His work was steady
throughout the tournament, and he showed good head-work, especially in
his contest with Little.

[Illustration: T. R. PELL,

Winner of the N.Y.I.S.A.A. Tennis Tournament]

First place in the tournament for the tennis championship of the New
York I.S.A.A. was taken by T. R. Pell, of Berkeley. This tourney was
held on the Berkeley Oval, but no playing of a very high order
developed. Pell won all his matches in straight sets, and defeated
Wenman of Drisler's in the finals--6-3, 6-1, 6-1. In the semi-final
round he met R. D. Little, who lost to Walton in the Columbia
tournament, and disposed of him--6-4, 6-2.

The winning of the New York I.S.A.A. Tennis Tournament does not entitle
Pell to play at Newport. Walton, however, as the winner of the
Columbia-Interscholastic Championship, has the privilege of representing
this district at the national event, and will no doubt be seen on the
courts at Newport in August.

[Illustration: Decrow, r.f. Cook, p. Noyes, 1 b. Coy, l.f.

Fincke, s.s. Camp (Capt.), 3 b. Warner, c.

McKelvey, 2 b. Parton, c.f.

HOTCHKISS SCHOOL BASEBALL NINE.]

The Hotchkiss School baseball Team is rapidly getting into shape, and
promises to be a stronger nine than that which represented the school
last year. Five of the old men are back, and the new material is
developing rapidly. The batting is considerable of an improvement over
last season's. Warner, the catcher, makes a good back-stop, but is not
reliable in his throwing to bases. He is weak too on high fouls, and
somewhat slow; but he makes up for these deficiencies in his batting,
and runs the bases well.

Cook, in the box, is a new man, and promises to develop into a strong
pitcher. He is liable to be wild at times, but grows steadier at
critical points of the game. He bats well and he runs well. Noyes, at
first, is very strong on high throws, but muffs badly on grounders. His
throwing is only fair, but he handles the stick pretty well. McKelvey,
at second, is a veteran, and is keeping up to his old standard. He still
retains his old fault, however, which is a very bad one, of stepping
back from the ball when he is batting. This is a fatal weakness for a
man who hopes to become a hard hitter. He slides well, but does not run
quite fast enough around the bases.

Fincke, at short-stop, is a good athlete, and comes from good athletic
stock. He is a cousin of the quarter-back of last year's Yale team, and
he has only recently made a record for himself by winning the Yale
Interscholastic Tennis Tournament. This is his first year on the team.
He throws and fields well, but bats only fairly. He is slow on the
bases, but has the promise of an excellent ball-player. Captain Camp, at
third, is steady both in fielding and in throwing. He bats well, but
would have a better average if he were not constantly trying to make
home runs. He is a good base-runner, but his responsibilities as captain
have somewhat weakened his all-round work.

Coy, in left field, is another new man who has also done well on the
tennis-court. He is sore on high flies, but unreliable on running
catches. He does not throw well, and his batting is only fair, whereas
his base-running is open to great improvement. Parton is also new to the
team. He is not sure of line drives, and would be an excellent thrower
if he could cultivate accuracy. He is good on the bases. Decrow is
probably the best fielder on the team; he covers more ground than any of
the others, and shows good judgment on flies. He throws better than he
did last year, and his batting is improving, but he needs a good deal of
coaching on base-running and sliding.

The Fourth Annual Interscholastic Meet of the Illinois high-schools was
held at Champaign on May 16, and the banner went to Rockford H.-S. with
23 points, Englewood High, the favorite, coming second with 21 points.
But as the bicycle-race was protested, and has gone to the L. A. W. for
final decision, Englewood may yet attain the title of champion.

On account of heavy rains in the morning, the events were postponed
until afternoon, and considering the heavy track, the performances were
very creditable. A dark horse, Machin of Duquoin, took a good many
points away from Englewood in the sprints, and proved a surprise to the
knowing ones. These dashes and the mile run were the most interesting
events of the day, although the quarter-mile afforded a spirited finish.
The field events were fairly well contested, but the wet condition of
the turf hindered the hammer-throwers considerably, and many fouled
repeatedly.

The list of events is one of the most acrobatic and non-athletic that I
have seen for a long time. It included such events as the high kick,
which must have been an imposing event to watch on an athletic field,
and a hop, step, and jump; the standing broad jump, a quarter-mile
bicycle-race, and a 50-yard dash. Of course there is no special
objection to the last two events in themselves, although they are not
recognized as standards for interscholastic field days in this part of
the country, or in any place where track sports have become thoroughly
systematized. But there is an objection to them when they are put on the
programme to the exclusion of such standard events as the hurdles.

Some of the performances in the standard events, however, were above the
average. The mile was run in 4 min. 46-2/5 sec.; the 100-yards was taken
by Machin in 10-2/5 sec.; the quarter went to Egbert in 53-1/5 sec.;
Martin ran the 220 in 23-3/5 sec.; and Hutchinson cleared 20 ft. 3 in,
in the broad jump. The score by points follows: Rockford, 23; Englewood,
21; Hyde Park, 11; Duquoin, 10; Chicago English High and Manual
Training, 9; Peoria, 9; West Aurora, 8; Urbana, 8; Canton, 7; East
Aurora, 6; Champaign, 6; Springfield, 5; Mattoon, 5; Chicago Manual
Training, 5; Macomb, 5; Jacksonville, 5; Lake View, 4; Winnetka, 3;
Tuscola, 3; Pekin, 1.

PHILADELPHIA I. A. L. GAMES, FRANKLIN FIELD, MAY 29, 1896.

  Events.                   Winners.                   Performance.
  100-yard dash             McClain, Haverford.            10-3/4 sec.
  220-yard dash             McClain, Haverford.            25-1/2  "
  Half-mile run             Little, P. C.            2 m.  12-1/2  "
  One-mile run              Ross, Haverford.         5 "   46      "
  Half-mile walk            Evans, P. C.             3 "   53-1/5  "
  120-yard hurdles          Marshall, P. C.                18-2/5  "
  220-yard hurdles          Marshall, P. C.                30-1/5  "
  One-mile bicycle          White, G. A.             2 "   58-4/5  "
  Running high jump         Newbold, De Lancey.      5 ft.  7     in.
  Running broad jump        McClain, Haverford.     20  "   6      "
  Standing broad jump       Claflin, Haverford.      9  "   5-3/4  "
  Pole vault                Hanson, P. C.            9  "   6      "
  Putting 16-lb. shot       Sayers, Haverford.      32  "   6-1/2  "

  Points.                    1sts.   2ds.   3ds.   Totals.
  Penn Charter                5       8      7       56
  Haverford Grammar School    6       3      3       42
  De Lancey Academy           1       2      2       13
  Germantown Academy          1       1      1        9
  Cheltenham Academy          1       0      0        5
  Episcopal Academy           0       0      1        1
                             --      --     --      ---
  Total                      14      14     14      126

The Inter-Academic League of Philadelphia held its field meeting at
Franklin Field on Friday afternoon, May 29, and three of the old records
were lowered. Newbold of De Lancey jumped 5 ft. 7 in., the former record
being 5 ft. 4-1/2 in.; Hanson vaulted 9 ft. 6 in., which is 3-1/2 in.
better than the old figure; and Little of Penn Charter brought the
half-mile figure down from 2 min. 13-1/4 sec. to 2 min. 12-1/2 sec.
Marshall of Penn Charter, the big football-player, took both the hurdle
events, although in neither case was the time particularly good. But for
a big man he is a clever hurdler.

After the games had been under way a short time the contest narrowed
down to a duel between Penn Charter and the Haverford College
Grammar-School. Penn Charter finally came out ahead by 56 points to 42.
A full record of the day is given in the accompanying table.

Some of the semi-professional and mercenary athletes among the students
of the New York schools have been talking a great deal in the public
prints of late about how they think amateur athletics should be managed,
and, in private, so far as I am able to find out, they have been doing
all they can to interfere with the success of the National tournament
scheduled for the 20th of this month. It looks now as if these young men
with professional tendencies were going to have some success in
weakening the team which will represent the New York Interscholastic
Association, and if reports are correct, many of the winners of the
recent games at the Berkeley Oval will not appear in the National
tournament, either because they support the opinions that have lately
been so freely expressed in some quarters, or because they are
influenced by the clique above referred to.

It is amazing that there should be any young men who would condescend
for a moment to support such opinions; and yet there seems to be a
number, and they have the assurance to pose as amateurs! Some even
intimate openly that they do not wish to go into the National games
because there is not enough money in it for them. Of course they do not
use the word "money," or "cash," or "dollars," because they know that
the A. A. U. would get after them, but they are brazen enough to say
that they do not think the medals which are to be offered on this
occasion are of sufficient intrinsic value for them to compete for.

Perhaps the readers of this Department who do not live in this city, and
do not know how near to professionalism some of our scholastic athletes
here can go, will think that I am exaggerating when I say that many of
them are apparently in sport largely for the intrinsic value of the
medals. Whether it is to pawn them afterward or not I cannot say. But to
show these readers in other cities that I am not exaggerating, let me
quote from an interview published in the New York _Sun_ of May 31. The
_Sun_ is so rarely inaccurate in quoting an individual that we may all
depend upon its accuracy in this case.

The name of the young man who is quoted in the article is given as Rose
Ambler Curran. He is said to attend the Drisler School. I do not know
whether Mr. Curran has ever done anything himself in athletics; he
certainly is not in any way prominent in interscholastic sport here, and
I do not think that he represents a very large element of the
school-boys of this city. He certainly does not represent the best
element. What he is quoted as having said, and what I think every true
amateur will consider most reprehensible, is this: "The medals which
were offered at the last in-door games" (the games given by the New
Manhattan A. C. at the Madison Square Garden last March) "were of such a
poor character that many would not have competed had they seen them
before. This is the main reason, as stated by the boys, for what might
be termed their lack of interest in the meet" (the National Meet).

As a matter of fact, the medals given to the winners at the Madison
Square Garden games were as handsome and appropriate as any I have ever
seen. They were simple. They were laurel wreaths on ribbons--gold
wreaths, silver wreaths, and bronze wreaths. The designs were not such
as would appeal to a pawnbroker, but they were such as would appeal to
any honest boy who takes a pride in his athletic achievements for their
own sake.

There is nothing ambiguous about Mr. Curran's statement as quoted above.
He says clearly that the money value of the medals at the winter games
was not great enough for a certain class of New York school-boy athletes
to contest for, and that these same individuals are not going to spend
their valuable time and energy in running races for less than a certain
weight of gold or silver. I do not see how much nearer to
professionalism these boys can get without being thrown out body and
baggage from the society of amateurs. It is well if they do keep away
from the National Interscholastic meeting. Such medal-hunters are not
wanted, and the sooner they can be detected by the officers of the
Association and prevented from mingling with the true and sportsman like
element among school-boy athletes, the better will it be for athletics
in this city.

The New Manhattan Athletic Club, or rather its athletic directors, were
considerably surprised, I know, at the attitude taken by this
semi-professional element among the New York school-boys. It had been
their intention to offer a valuable trophy in the form of a cup, to be
contested for on this occasion, in addition to individual medals, and
they had even gone so far as to consult with the President of the
National Association concerning the order for this cup. But when they
found that their interest in school-boy athletics was apparently
unappreciated, they gave up the idea entirely.

Fortunately the success or failure of the National Meet does not depend
upon the entries from the New York Association, and we may well rejoice
if a lot of medal-hunters keep away. Strong teams will come down from
Maine, Massachusetts, and Connecticut, and there will be representatives
from New Jersey, and probably from other leagues, and the sport will be
good and clean, and the races will not be run with the sole idea of
getting money value in prizes at the end, but for the sake of the honor
of winning on that day--of the glory of sport for sport's sake.

At the recent Olympian Games the prizes were olive wreaths--plain,
ordinary vegetable growth; worth, say, ten cents a bushel, with perhaps
fifty wreaths to the bushel. And yet those dried branches brought home
from Greece by the American winners are worth more to them than any
yellow metal they can get here. The young men who talk of remaining away
from the National meet, because the weight of the medals is not great
enough to suit their tastes, would do well to reflect on this: there is
a greater object in life than the collecting of medals.

The New England Interscholastic baseball season is practically closed,
although there are a number of games yet to be played. But Brookline has
won the championship, having played all its scheduled matches, and
having won each of them. In the last game Brookline defeated English
High 6-0. Brookline played excellent ball both in the field and at the
bat, but E.H.-S. was weak all around. Some of the features of the game
were Nettleton's stop of Manning's hard hit in the fifth inning, Wise's
clever throw from centre to third in the eighth, putting out Cronin, and
the heavy hatting of Lewis and Parker. A review of the whole baseball
season will be made in this Department as soon as space enough becomes
available.

     C. S. D., BAYONNE, N.J.--Any interscholastic association composed
     of at least two schools may join the National Interscholastic
     Association upon applying for membership. The field meeting this
     year will be on June 20, and is the first one ever held by the
     Association, which was formed only last December.

  THE GRADUATE.

       *       *       *       *       *

ILL-TEMPERED BABIES

are not desirable in any home. Insufficient nourishment produces ill
temper. Guard against fretful children by feeding nutritious and
digestible food. The Gail Borden Eagle Brand Condensed Milk is the most
successful of all infant foods.--[_Adv._]




ADVERTISEMENTS.




[Illustration: Hartford Single Tube Tires]




[Illustration: ROYAL BAKING POWDER]

A cream-of-tartar baking powder. Highest of all in leavening
strength.--_Latest United States Government Food Report._

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.




Arnold

Constable & Co

       *       *       *       *       *

Children's Wear.

_Dimity Dresses,_

_Children's Guimpes,_

_Piqué Reefers, Mull Caps._

Misses' Outing Suits.

Misses' Shirt Waists.

Children's

Hand-Embroidered Underwear.

       *       *       *       *       *

Broadway & 19th st.

NEW YORK.




EARN A BICYCLE!

[Illustration]

We wish to introduce our Teas, Spices, and Baking Powder. Sell 75 lbs.
to earn a BICYCLE; 50 lbs. for a WALTHAM GOLD WATCH AND CHAIN; 25 lbs.
for a SOLID SILVER WATCH AND CHAIN; 10 lbs. for a beautiful GOLD RING;
50 lbs. for a DECORATED DINNER SET. Express prepaid if cash is sent with
order. Send your full address on postal for Catalogue and Order Blank.

W. G. BAKER, Springfield, Mass.




Harper's Catalogue,

Thoroughly revised, classified, and indexed, will be sent by mail to any
address on receipt of ten cents.




[Illustration: Thompson's Eye Water]




[Illustration: BICYCLING]

     This Department is conducted in the interest of Bicyclers, and the
     Editor will be pleased to answer any question on the subject. Our
     maps and tours contain many valuable data kindly supplied from the
     official maps and road-books of the League of American Wheelmen.
     Recognizing the value of the work being done by the L. A. W., the
     Editor will be pleased to furnish subscribers with membership
     blanks and information so far as possible.


[Illustration: Copyright, 1896, by Harper & Brothers.]

Continuing the journey from New Haven to Springfield, which was left
last week at Hartford, the rider is advised to take what is called the
East Connecticut River Road: that is, leave Hartford by Main Street, and
four blocks from the City Hall--where, by-the-way, the United States
Hotel gives L. A. W. rates--turn into Morgan Street to the right, and
run over the bridge to East Hartford Street. On reaching East Hartford
keep to the left, and take the long road that runs never more than a
mile away from the Connecticut River. The road is in fairly good
condition, and there are hardly any hills to speak of during the whole
run. The rider, however, is of course advised to use side paths.

There is another route which may be taken along the west side of the
Connecticut, and which is perhaps the better of the two. To take this,
run out Main Street direct instead of turning right into Morgan Street,
and keep on until Windsor is reached. At the latter town keep to the
right and cross the Farmington River, crossing the railroad, and running
along between it and the Connecticut River until Windsor Locks is
reached. This town is fourteen miles from Hartford. At this point the
Connecticut should be crossed, and starting from Warehouse Point, the
rider should take the road already described, running up the east bank
through Thompsonville towards Springfield. Crossing the
Massachusetts-Connecticut line, he enters upon what is called Long
Meadow Street, runs into Long Meadow, past Long Meadow station, and
finally runs close upon the Connecticut River again at Pecowsic station.
From Pecowsic the run into Springfield to the Massassoit House is easily
found.

As has already been said in this Department, this is not what may be
called the Springfield route from New York to Boston, and while the
stretch of country from Springfield to Worcester is of course rideable,
it is not a particularly good road, and the country is not to any great
extent picturesque, so that unless the trip is a matter of making the
journey--that is, if it is simply for pleasure--the rider is advised
rather to turn westward than eastward, to ride a day or two in the
Berkshire country, and then take a train or trains for Worcester,
continuing from Worcester to Boston on his wheel. This trip from
Worcester to Boston, and, in fact, from Springfield to Boston, will be
given in the near future in this Department to complete that particular
way of crossing Massachusetts from west to east.

     NOTE.--Map of New York city asphalted streets in No. 809. Map of
     route from New York to Tarrytown in No. 810. New York to Stamford,
     Connecticut in No. 811. New York to Staten Island in No. 812. New
     Jersey from Hoboken to Pine Brook in No. 813. Brooklyn in No. 814.
     Brooklyn to Babylon in No. 815. Brooklyn to Northport in No. 816.
     Tarrytown to Poughkeepsie in No. 817. Poughkeepsie to Hudson in No.
     818. Hudson to Albany in No. 819. Tottenville to Trenton in No.
     820. Trenton to Philadelphia in No. 821. Philadelphia in No. 822.
     Philadelphia-Wissahickon Route in No. 823. Philadelphia to West
     Chester in No. 824. Philadelphia to Atlantic City--First Stage in
     No. 825; Second Stage in No. 826. Philadelphia to Vineland--First
     Stage in No. 827; Second Stage in No. 828. New York to
     Boston--Second Stage in No. 829; Third Stage in No. 830; Fourth
     Stage in No. 831; Fifth Stage in No. 832; Sixth Stage in No. 833.
     Boston to Concord in No. 834. Boston in No. 835. Boston to
     Gloucester in No. 836. Boston to Newburyport in No. 837. Boston to
     New Bedford in No. 838. Boston to South Framingham in No. 839.
     Boston to Nahant in No. 840. Boston to Lowell in No. 841. Boston to
     Nantasket Beach in No. 842. Boston Circuit Ride in No. 843.
     Philadelphia to Washington--First Stage in No. 844; Second Stage in
     No. 845; Third Stage in No. 846; Fourth Stage in No. 847; Fifth
     Stage in No. 848. City of Washington in No. 849. City of Albany in
     No 854; Albany to Fonda in No. 855; Fonda in Utica in No. 866;
     Utica to Syracuse in No. 857; Syracuse to Lyons in No. 858; Lyons
     to Rochester in No. 859; Rochester to Batavia in No. 860; Batavia
     to Buffalo in No. 861; Poughkeepsie to Newtown in No. 864; Newtown
     to Hartford in No. 865; New Haven to Hartford in No. 866.




[Illustration: THE CAMERA CLUB]

     Any questions in regard to photograph matters will be willingly
     answered by the Editor of this column, and we should be glad to
     hear from any of our club who can make helpful suggestions.


SIMPLE CHEMISTRY FOR AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHERS.

In order to do good photographic work by method rather than by guess, it
is necessary to understand something of the nature of the chemicals used
and their effects. Even a slight knowledge of chemistry enables the
amateur to work understandingly and with far better results. We are
therefore going to give, for the benefit of our Camera Club, a few
papers on chemistry as used in photography, and shall try to make them
so plain and simple that even the youngest member will understand them.

Chemistry is that science which explains the composition of the
substances which compose the crust of the earth, the atmosphere which
surrounds it, and the water which occupies so much of the earth's
surface. These substances are called chemical elements. A chemical
element is a simple substance containing only one kind of matter, such
as gold, silver, platinum, hydrogen, oxygen, etc. According to the last
report of Mr. F. W. Clark, the chief chemist of the U.S. Geographical
Survey, there are seventy-two known elements. About thirty of these
elements are used in the different processes of photography.

Each element is represented by a symbol, this symbol being the first
letter or letters of the name of the element. The symbol of hydrogen is
"H"; of oxygen is "O"; of gold, "Au," the first two letters of the word
"Aurum," the Latin name for gold. Each symbol also stands for the weight
of one of its atoms. (An atom is supposed to be the smallest possible
division of a substance.) Hydrogen is the lightest element known, and is
taken as the standard of weight when comparing the weight of other
atoms. The symbol "H" would therefore not only stand for the element
hydrogen, but for its weight, 1, or a unit. An atom of oxygen is sixteen
times as heavy as an atom of hydrogen, and an atom of gold is 196 times
as heavy.

In making up chemical compounds the chemical elements are combined in
different proportions, which, united, make a new substance. The way in
which these elements combine is always in the same proportion. The
smallest number of atoms which combine to form a new substance is called
a molecule. Take water, for instance, which is composed of hydrogen and
oxygen; it takes two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen to form a
molecule of water. These chemical combinations are expressed or written
by the symbols of the elements of which they are composed, called
chemical formulas. If two or more atoms of an element are used to form a
chemical compound, the number of atoms used is written directly after
the symbol; thus, H_{2}O is the chemical formula for water.

Two well-known developing agents, pyrogallol--commonly called pyro--and
hydrochinon, are composed of the same chemical elements, carbon, oxygen,
and hydrogen, the only difference in their composition being that a
molecule of pyro contains one more atom of oxygen than the hydrochinon.
The chemical formula for pyro is C_{6}H_{6}O_{3}, and the chemical
formula for hydrochinon is C_{6}H_{6}O_{2}.

The chemical compounds employed in photography are used in the form of
solutions. A solution is the liquid combination of a liquid and a solid.
A simple solution is one in which the solid is entirely dissolved in the
liquid, leaving the liquid transparent. A saturated solution is a liquid
containing as much of the solid as can be dissolved in it and remain
clear. In making saturated solutions, unless the exact proportions are
known, add the solid to the liquid until there is a deposit of the solid
at the bottom of the vessel containing the solution. The clear liquid
can then be turned off carefully into a bottle.

A solid dissolves much more quickly if it is first powdered. If one has
no mortar, put the solid inside a piece of muslin, lay it on a board or
stone, and pound with a hammer. When powdered, put the cloth and powder
both into a glass vessel, and turn the liquid over it. When the solid is
dissolved, remove the cloth. Another way in which to dissolve a solid
more rapidly than by mixing it with the liquid is to tie the powder in a
cloth and suspend it in the liquid.

In making up a formula for developing or toning, etc., be exact in the
measuring and weighing of the ingredients. Even a slight deviation from
the rule sometimes changes the action of the chemicals.




ADVERTISEMENTS.




"All is not

Columbia

that Glitters."

[Illustration]

Your pleasure and safety depend on knowing what is under enamel and
nickel before you buy a bicycle.

No question about Columbias. If you are able to pay $100 for a bicycle
why buy any but a Columbia?

See the Catalogue. Free if you call on the agent. By mail for two 3-cent
stamps

POPE MFG. CO.

HARTFORD, CONN.

Branch Houses and Agencies are almost everywhere. If Columbias are not
properly represented in your vicinity, let us know.

       *       *       *       *       *

All Columbia Bicycles are fitted with

HARTFORD SINGLE-TUBE TIRES

UNLESS DUNLOP TIRES ARE ASKED FOR.

WE KNOW NO TIRES SO GOOD AS HARTFORDS.




[Illustration: Thompson's Eye Water]




WALTER BAKER & CO., LIMITED.

Established Dorchester, Mass., 1780.

Breakfast Cocoa

[Illustration]

Always ask for Walter Baker & Co.'s

Breakfast Cocoa

Made at

DORCHESTER, MASS.

It bears their Trade Mark

"La Belle Chocolatiere" on every can.

Beware of Imitations.




There is

no

Substitute

Every card of the famous DeLONG Hooks and Eyes has on the face and back
the words

[Illustration]

_See that_

hump?

RICHARDSON & DELONG BROS., Philadelphia.

Also makers of the CUPID Hair Pin.




Postage Stamps, &c.




$117.50 WORTH OF STAMPS FREE

to agents selling stamps from my 50% approval sheets. Send at once for
circular and price-list giving full information.

C. W. Grevning, Morristown, N. J.




[Illustration]

100 all dif. Venezuela, Bolivia, etc., only 10c., 200 all dif. Hayti,
Hawaii, etc., only 50c. Ag'ts w't'd at 50% com. List FREE! =C. A.
Stegmann=, 5941 Cote Brilliante Ave., St. Louis, Mo




1000 Mixed Foreign Stamps, San Marino, etc., 25c.; 101 all dif., China,
etc., 10c.; 10 U.S. Revenues, 10c.; 20 U.S. Revenues, 25c. Ag'ts w'td at
50% com. _Monthly Bulletin_ free. Shaw Stamp & Coin Co., Jackson, Mich.




=STAMPS!= 100 all dif. Bermuda, etc. Only 10c. Ag'ts w'td at 50% com. List
free. L. DOVER & CO., 1469 Hodiamont, St. Louis. Mo.




=10 Rare Stamps free= (postage 2c.). 5 Japan, all different, 8c. F. JELKE,
516 La Salle Ave., Chicago.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Fatal Letter.

Here is a letter and a puzzle all in one:

There was once a detective who had followed a criminal long and far, and
when he thought he had "run him to cover" he found the place empty and
only an open letter lying on the floor. He was overcome with chagrin,
for it had been said of him that "he had never failed to catch his man."
In despair he caught up the letter and read it. On the first reading it
seemed a mere succession of idle village gossip. He read it again, then
sat down, and pondered over the peculiar sentences all the night long.

His vigil, however, was not in vain, for three hours after dawn the
criminal was behind prison bars. Below is a copy of the "Fatal Letter."
Can you discover the secret message contained therein, the solution of
which led to the arrest of the criminal? Don't be discouraged because
the detective spent a night over it. Perhaps you are even sharper than
the detective. He had no clew. Neither can one be given to you. But this
much may be said, the message is not a haphazard affair, but follows a
distinct plan.

THE LETTER.

     BELOVED SISTER,--Dwellers of this town have been much excited over
     a little affair of recent happening. A servant stole from a rich
     woman what she called a ewer; it was brought from over the ocean.
     It was of fine porcelain with heavy gilt edges and a calm summer
     scene painted on the sides. A man of this town will soon begin
     sheep-raising. If that old ewe is saleable send her on. It is the
     druggist who wants her; R. Jones is his name. He will marry soon a
     girl of this city; his wedding gift is a diamond necklace of
     elegant and chaste design. It must have cost every cent of a
     thousand dollars.

     The man who lived next door is dead. He took a draught of poison
     and only lived two hours after. His wife was once the belle of the
     town. She keeps crying, "I'll take poison myself." Yet he was a
     poor provider; they had meat only once a month, and their table was
     always ill supplied. He was also as meddlesome as a flea and of
     very uncertain temper. Quite lately he quarrelled with me because
     of my statement concerning a lump of iron ore which he owned.
     Answer this soon and don't forget about the old ewe. Ah, another
     bit of news. The woman at the candy store has found a dye that has
     turned her gray tresses as black as a coal.

  BROTHER TOM.

       *       *       *       *       *

How We Interested Our Chapter.

     A few weeks ago the Allen Chapter, 715, was on the verge of
     "breaking up." The writer, who is president and a Founder, thought
     long and at last found a way by which he could start an interest
     again. It was this. We began to publish a paper called the _Allen
     Courier_. Only one copy was made, and that was written. A circuit
     was started--_i.e._, a member, after keeping the paper a day,
     handed it to the next on the list. In this paper the writer, who is
     editor-in-chief, inserted stories written by the members,
     clippings, Chapter news, etc., and so started a fresh interest in
     the glorious old Allen. At the next meeting all were on hand.

  CLAUDE T. RENO.
  ALLENTOWN, PA.

       *       *       *       *       *

For the Natural History Club.

     One day in July, in company with a friend, I crossed a lake near my
     home in search of interesting specimens. By chance we came upon the
     nesting-place of a colony of water turkeys. These birds are
     abundant here, but this is the first time I ever found their nests.
     The latter appeared to be several years old and were large
     structures, nearly flat on top. It was late for eggs, and young
     birds were everywhere. They were covered with white down, and
     presented a great contrast to the dark colors of the old birds.

     When the boat approached a tree containing young birds they would
     tumble into the water, a distance of ten or more feet, where they
     would dive long distances to escape us. The nests were in
     cypress-trees growing in two or three feet of water. Sometimes as
     many as a dozen nests were in one small tree. Under these trees we
     shot two small alligators. Perhaps the alligators knew the birds'
     habit of falling into the water. We also found nests of the purple
     and Florida gallinule. I would like to belong to a press
     association or corresponding Chapter.

  ED. H. CLUTE.
  LAKE CITY, FLORIDA.

       *       *       *       *       *

Puzzle to Draw.

        Two angles acute;
          A triangle on rails;
        Two little serpents
          With twists in their tails;
        Two spikes with a bar;
          A tall headless tack;
        Two angles acute
          Which are placed back to back;
        A part of a circle
          Two straight lines to meet;
        Two thirds of a cross;
          A circle complete;
  And lastly two angles. And do you not find
  A character loyal, brave, noble, and kind?

  WASHINGTON.

       *       *       *       *       *

Knights in a Far-away Land.

The Table has two devoted members in distant South Africa. Their names
are George Uhlig and Ernest A. Chaplin. Writing under date of the middle
of February, they say the fruit season is just ended, and that apples
are being barrelled for winter, now coming on. Both attend Gill College,
to which students come from all parts of the colony, and their favorite
games are cricket and football; the former in summer and the latter in
winter.

One of them remarks that from a perusal of the ROUND TABLE he thinks
baseball must be a good game, and that he would like to see a game--the
"New York's," for example. Both are fond of farm life, of hunting and
fishing. The principal birds are the dove, sparrow, fink, day-breaker,
laughing, and mouse birds. Both young men are stamp-collectors. Their
address is Somerset East, Cape Colony, South Africa.

       *       *       *       *       *

Washington State Salmon.

     In the State of Washington the fish industry comprises a good share
     of the business. Salmon are the principal market fish, and are
     found in abundance in the waters of Puget Sound and Gray Harbor.
     The salmon-fishing season begins in September and closes the 1st of
     April.

     In the first part of the season the "silver-side" salmon are alone
     caught, and the run is very large. In the latter part the
     "steel-head" salmon is the principal catch, the run being far less
     than in the former part. The canneries only run during the period
     of time when the silver-sides are running. Only Chinamen are
     employed in the canneries on Gray Harbor. In the cannery at
     Cosmopolis eighty-five Chinamen are employed.

     In the process of canning, the heads of the fish are first cut off,
     and the salmon are dressed and washed until perfectly clean. They
     are next cut into small pieces by what might be termed a
     "gang-chopper," after which they are packed into cans. Every can
     has to be weighed. The salmon are put up in one and two pound cans.
     The average sliver-side will weigh thirteen pounds, for which the
     fishermen are paid thirteen cents apiece, large or small, by the
     canneries.

  REUEL M. NIMS,
  COSMOPOLIS, WASHINGTON.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Glimpse of Newfoundland.

     The chief fisheries in which the public of St. John's are
     interested are the cod, seal, salmon, and herring. These afford
     labor to the people of the principal city of Newfoundland. Quite a
     few people are engaged in the manufacture of the different kinds of
     gear used in taking fish, such as lines, twines, nets, and cordage,
     also boats and tackle. The cod season lasts longest. The seal
     fishery is the most valuable. Salmon and herring are not much
     caught. The principal merchants of St. John's are engaged in
     exporting fish. Times are very bad here.

  B. BOWERING.
  ST. JOHN'S, NEWFOUNDLAND.




[Illustration: THE PUDDING STICK]

     This Department is conducted in the interest of Girls and Young
     Women, and the Editor will be pleased to answer any question on the
     subject so far as possible. Correspondents should address Editor.


The secret of being at ease wherever you are is a very simple one. It is
only this--Do not think about yourself. Bashfulness, awkwardness, and
clumsiness are caused by what we call self-consciousness, and as soon as
we entirely forget ourselves these pass away. A girl who writes to me
complains that she is so tall for her age that she cannot help being
awkward. "The moment I enter a room," she says, "I look about to see if
any other girl is as tall as I am, and I am always the tallest--a
perfect bean-pole. Then I fancy that everybody is sorry for me, and I
cannot fix my attention on anything which is going on. It makes me quite
wretched. What shall I do?"

In the first place, my dear, your height, if you carry yourself well and
hold your head up, is a great advantage. Far from being a thing to
regret, it is something to be glad of.

Tall, or short, fat, and dumpy, or thin and pale, let the young girl
never think of this when she meets her friends. Instead, let her try her
very best to make the rest happy. If there is a girl in the room who is
a stranger, or who seems not to be having a pleasant time, single her
out and entertain her. Your hostess will be pleased with this sort of
unobtrusive help, if it is kindly given.

A summer or two ago I happened to be paying a visit in a country house
where there were a half-dozen young guests. Among them were several
lovely girls from the South. I noticed that these girls had each some
useful social accomplishment. One played very sweetly, and she was
always ready to go to the piano and to play accompaniments for the
violinist of the house party, as well as to give us her dreamy nocturnes
and slow sonorous marches when we asked for them. Another sang, and she
needed no urging when there was a wish to hear songs. Still another
played chess, and lent herself to be partner to any one who wished that
diversion. It was beautiful to watch the sweet unconscious way in which
these girls entertained the rest, never putting themselves forward, but
always to be depended on when it was a question of how to pass an
evening delightfully.

These are the days of out-door enjoyment, and my girls are playing golf
and tennis, and riding their wheels, and spending some portion of every
day in healthful exercise. Perhaps some of you like work out-of-doors as
well as play, and if there is a garden where you can dig and plant seeds
and watch flowers grow, or you have a poultry-yard with chickens and
hens, or your talent for the practical leads you to raise
vegetables--radishes, pease, and lettuce which grow for you will taste
as no common market vegetables can. Keep in the sunshine, girls.
Sunshine means brightness and bloom for every one of you.

[Illustration: Signature]




[Illustration: STAMPS]

     This Department is conducted in the interest of stamp and coin
     collectors, and the Editor will be pleased to answer any question
     on these subjects so far as possible. Correspondents should address
     Editor Stamp Department.


One mail brought me two letters suggesting the formation of an exchange
society by the readers of the ROUND TABLE. Harold C. Day, Upland Farm,
Harrison, Westchester Co., N. Y., and Willis H. Kerr, Bellevue, Neb.,
both say they would like to hear from any one interested. Other
correspondents have suggested the same thing at other times, and asked
my opinion on the plan. I regret to say it is not favorable. I have had
some experience of exchange societies, and have come to the conclusion
that it is feasible only when some capable man is at the head of the
scheme who is willing to give his time and experience to the plan, and
that all sales are for cash only. All the larger societies already have
exchange circuits, and experience shows that common stamps are not
exchanged, and that valuable stamps must always be sent by registered
mail or by express, which is a considerable expense. The Dresden
International Society sends out books of stamps every year worth many
thousands of dollars; the leading society in New York has sent out five
circuits this year, aggregating about $2000 on each circuit. The first
circuit was completed a month ago. Stamps to the value of $1200 were
taken. The second circuit will be about the same. Almost all other
societies have similar plans.

Their method is quite simple. 1. All members who wish to contribute
stamps for exchange purchase a small blank book from the manager (Price
10c.). 2. These books, filled with stamps, are sent to the manager, and
when he has a sufficient number they are done up in a package and sent
out to the first name on the circuit. 3. This person looks over the
books, picks out what he wants, sends a list of what he has taken to the
manager, with P.O. money-order for the amount. 4. He then sends the
books to the second name on the list, etc. 5. After the books have gone
through the entire list the last man returns them to the manager, who
returns the unsold stamps to their owners, and sends the cash (less
commission) to those members whose stamps were sold.

Some members buy very little and sell very much, others sell very little
and buy much. Before the books are sent out the manager examines them,
removes counterfeits, etc. Each man who takes out a stamp puts in its
place a "control" stamp with his number on it. These control stamps are
bought of the manager, and he only knows who has sold and who has
bought.

It is expensive and troublesome. A much better plan is the old-fashioned
one of "swapping" stamps with one's comrades and friends.

     H. B.--Your piece is a "Hard Money" token, not a coin. It has no
     money value, but is very interesting.

     L. K. BABCOCK.--See answer to H. B.

     A. ULMER.--The 6c. Hawaii, 1864 issue, is catalogued as worth 25c.

  PHILATUS.




[Illustration: IVORY SOAP]

TO BICYCLISTS:

There is no better chain lubricant than Ivory Soap; it is a cleanly
application and perfect for this use.

Copyrighted, 1896, by The Procter & Gamble Co., Cin'ti.




_The coolness is refreshing; the roots and herbs invigorating; the two
together animating. You get the right combination in HIRES Rootbeer._

Made only by The Charles E. Hires Co., Philadelphia.

A 25c. package makes 5 gallons. Sold everywhere.




[Illustration]

THE

BALTIMOREAN PRINTING-PRESS

has earned more money for boys than all other presses in the market.
Boys, don't idle away your time when you can buy a self-inking
printing-press, type, and complete outfit for $5.00. Write for
particulars, there is money in it for you.

THE J. F. W. DORMAN CO.,

Baltimore, Md., U.S.A.




[Illustration: Thompson's Eye Water]




TWO GOOD BOOKS.

       *       *       *       *       *

TRACK ATHLETICS IN DETAIL.

     Compiled by the Editor of "Interscholastic Sport" in HARPER'S ROUND
     TABLE. Illustrated from Instantaneous Photographs. 8vo, Cloth,
     Ornamental, $1.25. In "HARPER'S ROUND TABLE Library."

The young athlete who cannot secure instruction at the hands of a
professional trainer will find this book invaluable. It gives in clear,
terse sentences abundant directions for learning each event at present
contested in intercollegiate and interscholastic meetings.--_Boston
Herald._

FOR KING OR COUNTRY.

     A Story of the American Revolution. By JAMES BARNES. Illustrated.
     Post 8vo, Cloth, Ornamental, $1.50.

A fascinating study. It is replete with those Homeric touches which
delight the heart of the healthy boy.... It would be difficult to find a
more fascinating book for the young.--_Philadelphia Bulletin._

A capital story for boys, both young and old; full of adventure and
movement, thoroughly patriotic in tone, throwing luminous sidelights
upon the main events of the Revolution.--_Brooklyn Standard-Union._

       *       *       *       *       *

HARPER & BROTHERS, Publishers, New York.




[Illustration: THE ORIGINAL CANTILEVER.]

       *       *       *       *       *

Some people are never at a loss for an answer, and the colored valet who
got off the following is a good exponent of that class. It seems he was
a lazy rascal, and his master one day remonstrated with him about his
neglect of duty.

"But, massa, I's am not equal to de occasion as I once wuz."

"Why, George, what on earth is the matter with you now?"

"I's got a stitch in my side, sir, dat trubbles me a powerful lot, and
I's not able to do as much as I hab been doin'."

"A stitch in your side! Oh, come, George, that won't do. Where did you
get such a thing as a stitch in your side?"

"De oder day, sah. You see, I wuz hemmed in by a crowd."

       *       *       *       *       *

Clara wanted very much to go out in the yard to play. Her big sister
said to her:

"You mustn't go in the yard. Don't you see that moolly-cow out there?
What do you suppose she would do with her horns if you went close to
her?"

Clara answered, "I suppose she would blow them."

       *       *       *       *       *

There are many little acts of heroism, displaying rare courage and
presence of mind, performed around us daily that ofttimes pass unnoticed
in a popular sense. It is not so long ago that a certain bright young
fellow was the hero of a deed that escaped the newspapers and,
consequently, the public. It happened in one of our largest cities; and
to tell it as modestly as the hero did, it must be told briefly, so
perhaps it would be best to use his own words.

"I am very fond of my bicycle," said he, "and ride whenever I chance to
have an opportunity, and I am also very fond of practising all sorts of
stunts on the wheel. I was riding down the avenue that evening, when I
heard the clashing gong of a fire-engine coming through the side street
ahead of me. I felt tempted to push ahead and cross the street before
the engine reached the corner, and as I was momentarily figuring just
what I would do I saw a little girl standing in the middle of the
crossing, clapping her hands in childish glee at the approaching engine.
The people on the sidewalk seemed paralyzed with fright, and stood, in a
sort of fascination, gazing at the child's perilous position. All this I
saw with my first startled look, and unconsciously I pushed the pedals
down hard and rushed at the child. In a second I reached the crossing,
and a few feet off were those three horses tearing along in their mad
gallop, the driver doing his best to pull them in, with but little
success. They were too close on the girl. As I passed the little one I
seized her by the arm, throwing my weight over to the other side of the
wheel as I did so. I felt a stinging sensation in my arm, and heard the
child scream with fright and pain from the fierce grip with which I
grasped her. The velocity with which I was moving, however, accomplished
the purpose, for it dragged the child a number of feet before I came to
a standstill--or rather before I fell off the bicycle. It was a narrow
escape, for those engine horses were very close upon me, and it was
lucky I never thought at the time of the danger of my position, for I
should never have had the courage to carry out my purpose. Several
people took the little one, and I hastened down the avenue before they
got me too. You see stunt-practising comes in handy at times."

       *       *       *       *       *

THE BEAR.

CARRIE. "Isn't the bear's skin to keep him warm in winter?"

MAMMA. "Yes, Carrie."

CARRIE. "Then what does he have to keep him cool in summer?"

       *       *       *       *       *

It is not very often that we hear of the Russian peasant equalling the
Irish peasant in witty sayings, but doubtless those who read the
following retort of a Russian will allow that sometimes they are fully
equal to the Irish, regardless of the wonderful readiness of the Celtic
tongue.

It seems a peasant, having accumulated a little money, took himself to
town to purchase a new pair of boots. Returning homewards he espied a
luxuriant spot for a siesta, and being tired, lay down for a quiet nap,
which developed into a sound sleep. A conscienceless tramp passing along
the road took note of the peasant's new boots, and also of his own very
poor footgear, and decided an exchange would be beneficial; and
accordingly he stripped the peasant of his new purchase and proceeded on
his way. The driver of a passing wagon, seeing the peasant's legs
stretched part way across the road, yelled for him to "take his legs out
of the way."

"Legs?" inquired the half-awake peasant, "what legs?" and then rubbing
his eyes, he stared stupidly at his lower limbs. "Drive on," said he;
"those legs ain't mine. Mine had boots on."

       *       *       *       *       *

A MUSICAL QUESTION.

BOBBY. "Isn't that an ear-trumpet that man over there is using?"

MAMMA. "It is."

BOBBY. "And is he working it in connection with his ear-drum?"





End of Project Gutenberg's Harper's Round Table, June 9, 1896, by Various

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S ROUND TABLE, JUNE 9, 1896 ***

***** This file should be named 58056-8.txt or 58056-8.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/8/0/5/58056/

Produced by Annie R. McGuire
Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org



Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

